e
[Music]
oh
po
[Music]
a
go
[Music]
with
okay
okay Pinkie
Pie Pinkie Pie
okay okay nice what would the next song
have
been I was afraid when Ai and Sleepless
pretty normal pretty normal pretty
normal day in the Violet Pony uh
fear
um if everybody wasn't tow uh the
streams location is set
to G style House of
Blues cuz someone made that a real
location on Google Maps for me so shut
up we'll see how long it gets to stay
but uh hopefully I can get a video
up sometime before it gets removed from
from from Google Maps because it most
certainly will get removed from Google
Maps at some point they always do that
like there was
like there was like Squidward balls
Avenue which got removed there was like
U Among Us Elementary School which got
removed I think um what was one that got
removed we still have smelvin sedley's
house smelvin sedley's house is still up
that's the one I've been using is
smelvin sedley's
house for those who don't know whenever
I set the location for these streams it
has to be a place that's on Google Maps
so every time you see a [__] like
actual insane location for the
streams it's a place on Google maps
including smelvin sedley's
house so it's my pride and joy to bring
you Gangnam Style House of Blues because
a year ago I tweeted can someone just
make a random like house in New
Jersey uh of location on Google Maps
that's a place of worship called gdam
style House of Blues and then a year
later someone did it so that's
nice
um I forgot to open up steam again I
keep doing this I don't keep steam open
normally we have some disco to do guys
it's so nice not to be
sick I love not I love being like
reasonably healthy right now that's kind
of
nice wait I need to unleash baddy I
forgot I think you're
Unleashed you're
Unleashed bad's
Unleashed I'm eat and devour babies
stroke fire right stroke
[Applause]
what I'm in tremendous Pain I'm In
tremendous pain help me help me help me
I'm in so much pain I'm in so nice okay
very good
um
the okay we're playing discard as even
today but first Sun ever see if I
remember how to be Violet
Pony so that's nice what is going on in
the audio
[Music]
department
okay not let's creature
City a bird
story that's
tier uh deer
bats
Apparition nice
five out of five let's see what else we
missed here missed just two
days let's
see it's Revenge
fantasy
Escape
ghosts oh that's not very helpful is it
okay let's take a guess maybe it's
uh do you do I even hear
anything I think I hear noise
I'm trying to think what would have
enough negative space for that to
happen I wonder if it's like something
from Love Letters
colorless let me just type colorless let
see what
happens holy [__] no no no no no no no
no no no no no that didn't just happen
no that didn't just happen no that
didn't just happen what the [__] are you
talking about what the [__] are you
talking
about holy
[__] what the
[__] no no no no that's going to make it
seem like I'm cheating no there's no way
how
I all I did was think like what song
would have enough negative space and
maybe have a little bit of noise I'm
like I don't know colorless has a lot of
empty space in
it it's just a piano
track
okay
thanks bit of a monster
[__]
whatever is that no matter what 20123 or
am I losing
it okay that's about 2023 what the [__]
I got a
[__] five out of five on blank
space for track
three I don't know well I don't know I
don't know let's move
on it's not to well in this too
much that I think is I think it's the
first think it's Eastward part one from
fairy tales but I need to get the full
title cuz it likes to scream at
me yeah there we
go
that's that's F the castle right
okay
protagonist
syndrome square
one okay well that's not empty space
there is a chord and it sounds like the
convergence
chord oh okay it's
not is that Showtime from Queen of
missfits okay sure
I actually had something to go off of
this time and I got it
wrong wow I got the silent I got I got
five out of five on a on a one where
there's no sound whatsoever but I
couldn't get Showtime cuz I thought it
was convergence that's
mad that's kind of
crazy nothing else right
okay cool cool cool cool
cool um
I got I got
a show and
tell do do flowery pants they're kind of
cool very
nice
um
and I posted this on Instagram no one
gave a [__]
but I got my
sealed darkest
paral in the
mail and waiting for
something I bought a little
camcorder uh and I'm going to film like
a low like a 480p unboxing video of this
with the
camcorder I
think this Bakugan update video this
Bakugan collection video is going to
have a higher budget than the carousel
budget cuz I didn't spend a lot of money
on
Carousel cuz I did a lot of the art
myself
so it's funny I think that the
um that the Bakugan update video is
going to
have a bigger budget than Carousel isn't
that
nice okay
okay why is your keyboard cut it in
half because it's an Alis layout
keyboard let's see here we go cuz it's
an ALICE layout
keyboard I found the Alice layer
keyboard
um makes my shoulders feel better I
think I've said
before sorry I have to play I might have
to play the
video because if I if I if I start
quoting this and everyone thinks I'm
talking about humble the original song
then everyone's going to be like going
crazy
[Music]
just
baby sit down
down
be down be
hum my left stroke just
went uh I think we also have more some
some more chest Lord think we have some
more chest Lord wait what if the queen
tries to check me out don't check me out
I'm too shy just block It Dummy but
which way this is the way we want to
just attack this is a cutting edge techn
techology by
me this is Cutting Edge technology by me
spilling the tomato ketchup Why Maggie
got the biggest juicer in town watching
the cartoon all day and playing with the
D wait what fish is going crazy I didn't
even consider it I just saw the p and
took it fish you can
push and he can't take this
way because you can sacrifice the rck
what is the fishy cook
why is Maggie making fun of this kid so
did Maggie just got
cooked oh for that was
edited I forgot that one was
edited that scared
me so did Maggie just got
cooked so did Maggie just got
cooked
mhm we won the game already we might
lose the game but we've already won it
because it's all about scaring the kid
you scare him he'll give us the chicken
he'll give us the candy he'll give us
his house he'll give us the chicken
his
house
right
okay let's uh disc go in the house today
speaking of which wasn't I supposed to
get like a tape
player what
baddy what B oh the monarch of monsters
one
yeah let's go grab
it this becomes the Newar of
monsters are you
happy are you proud of yourself
this becomes the Newar of
monsters look at the original one look
at the original chess Lord
Classic this Skitty becomes the new
balloon champion this becomes the Newar
of monsters
where is the old
now oh that's right there was a twink
with
us oh my God it's so
late I might need to might need to go
uh I need to go home
is there fast travel for this
or
okay how do I
how how do I how do I fast
travel do I just have to walk there
fully or
do I just have to walk
back hold
on press
yeah looks kind of dumb we'll
see saw someone said to just stand next
to the
shock big ass
Shack my last stroke just went
viral there we go
well damn
okay now it's turning into a kind of a
snow limbo man what's on your
mind hold
on all right let's do
this now it's turning into a no just no
that's not fair
I
just I I had
902 I had into a kind of wait there's
something here stored away in some dusty
corner it starts
like
whoa what
else a mirror's temperature is always
zero it is ice in the veins it's camera
is an x-ray it is a chalice held out to
you in silent communion silent
communion that's good where gaspingly
gaspingly you partake of a shifting
identity never your own dang that's some
great [__] you came up with that
yourself or did you learn it in school
more importantly who can prove if you
did go with it you deserve summer claim
no matter great vers is like that
sometimes Emeral you might not look it
seems you have some literary chops maybe
there's hope for me yet just messing
with you it's cool you're an okay guy
for a cop they're more often in the
fists than Rhymes see let alone honesty
in
verse no joke man [__] the police the
lieutenant closes his eyes and let slip
a loud long sigh um if you say so
officer you found some common ground
with this man even impressed him the
next time you look in the mirror though
remember those words guys I'm I made I
made my twink
man I made my twink man how could
I it's true though [__] the place but I
made twink
man um is this about the questions again
cuz I don't really know
anything a small cabinet on the wall is
filled with various medicine bottles
nasal sprays and blister packs they all
bear the S Baptist pharmaceutics logo
what is
hypn that sounds like a
disease um I don't know I don't really
know what hypog is I guess it makes you
feel L [__] it's recommended
uh-huh it's riddling basically okay here
I hope St batist makes you feel better
or something
okay here okay here okay here
okay thank
you wait do we talk to our least
favorite
racist looking for something
odd you're something
odd I just realized potentially we may
need some get the tape recorder tape
player from the pawn shop so we're going
there to the pwn
shop I have to put my flashlight away
cuz the guy is
mad he doesn't
like wait I can wear
it I don't think I'll wear it
hello dear R hello again how can I help
you the boom boxes wait on the shelves
and your boom box that gold and Amber
Harmon wowy stares at you longingly with
its tape real eyes and here you are
quality sound reproduction on the go
it'll play anything a wherever turn any
tape into a conversation of sounds and
shapes I don't know if I actually needed
that
wait where is
the the porter reel is just what you
needed the reels attached to the
apparatus with a satisfying click the
tape is routed behind the magnetic
reader you press the large button marked
Comm in here and the tape starts
spinning there's a small delay before
the song starts
playing it sounds like someone's moving
in the room getting comfortable then the
organ starts playing a simple
melancholic tune echoing in the hallway
a lone singing voice joins in telling
you about the tiniest Church in ceson
surrounded by even tinier yard you
almost feel the seaside Mist on your
skin it's Mega sad within seconds you
know this is the one the real [__]
you've been looking for the one you
trust your room to that classia told you
about perform it a click then silence
for a bit then the tape stops
spinning of course you could sing this
you could take sad to a whole new level
with this and you already know the
lyrics since you've listened to it like
a million times why is Inland Empire
saying this to me yep there all here all
three verses and the bside of the tape
contains the instrumental version it's
like the world itself is telling you to
do it only one obstacle stands on your
way got you have to convince G to let
you s karaoke in the whirling after
you've won him over you can express
yourself let the pain out make everyone
understand the lieutenant looks at you
as you remove the tape from the boom box
he doesn't say
anything
right
wait does the guy down the street is he
still
awake yes does he have the
uh the shine on these sunglasses
lasts guys I got it back
there was a whole new one waiting for
me everything is good nothing is even
bad
anymore can I help you
what is this
thing what the interior decorating kind
you know I'm sorry this is actually a
nice bird a competent piece of taxy I
can fix it to the plaque and have a new
bird in the establishment I guess so I
don't know thank you I'm going to go
with thank you I feel good about our
work here today it's all about the
little things like bringing people
random stuffed animals it's not actually
about that but he liked it no you don't
it's not happening he tries not to look
at you it's dangerous to acknowledge the
karaoke
Man by causing more trouble I think
we're good it's for the it's for no one
it's a prop I'm not letting anyone use
it after the great karaoke catastrophe
of
44 a lot of people got killed because
some [__] wanted to sing karaoke
what did that
happen okay yes it's for some
clients H well we don't have any tapes
they all got stolen he's lying but
whatever you don't really need is lame
TR the man in the vest and a violet
shirt stares at the tape you've just
given him he begins to frown Hard music
killed my grandma okay fine fine climb
on that stage and do your thing just get
out of my hair I'll plug it in for you
damn this karaoke machine I'm having it
uninstalled he mumbles to
himself okay
wait do I have to get hyper R points for
this one sorry I didn't mean to say that
that do I have to get hyper Riz points
for this
one the stage is all set up for your
performance feels silent you can hear
the pellets Creek under your feet you
feel a little dizzy a little unsteady
suddenly so so are you ready for your
thing now let me know when I should turn
on the karaoke Carousel the
what okay I have to increase my
drama that's drama
okay that's the only drama I
get I could increase my drama but it's
already so
high the stage you feel so are you ready
for your thing now let me know when I
should turn on the karaoke carousel
the bar is full and buzzing with chatter
no one is paying you any attention but
still you feel your kns to just make
sure you move okay don't be stiff I can
see
that immediately a loud feedback noise
startles the room you feel like an
amateur how are you supposed to hold the
mic should you just sing into it where
should you stand Hands Where do you put
your hands oh no the hand
Gundrum you know
what it's called trauma memory uh
suppression the stage is all set up for
your performance feels silent you can
hear the pet
youim thought he was on the team are you
ready for your thing now the bar it just
makes sure I can see
that the air is thick with
anticipation someone dims the lights as
the music starts okay here we go wait
this is really [__] gay the only
person in the audience is Kim he's
singing right to Kim
I would often go
there to the tiny Church
[Music]
there the smallest Church in Sans
San though it once was larger
how the real May rest
there down through the Mist
there toward the Seven
Sisters toward those pale Cliffs
there I would often e
there in that tiny yard
[Music]
there I have been so glad
here looking forward to the Past
here but
now you are all all
alone none of this
matters no none of this
[Music]
matters
all what
a lazy Applause fills the RO you feel
your hand shake as awareness of your
body returns to you thank you ancient
Reptilian
[Applause]
Brain the lieutenant doesn't say
anything but gives you a quick smile
before turning away he's incapable of
blushing but if he works he holy [__]
this game is
gay oh they're actually gay guys guys
guys guys guys it's not a head Cannon
it's not even a head cannon that's like
gay as
[__] this a gay so cute guys I love them
how do I make them
real good God are we ready I want to
unplug the microphone now last words
well kimothy what did you
think
yes oh hello dear there you are
again goodness how is is he did he say
why he hasn't returned yet he's fine
ma'am as we had suspected he couldn't
get back earlier because the water lock
on the canal was broken now he's just
finishing up some work oh yes that's my
Morel he's bound to catch a cold staying
out there for so long but I am so
relieved to hear that he's okay thank
you for putting an old woman's heart at
ease if even a little you haven't
however there are dangers Out There Our
aging bodies fou her heart won't rest
until Morel is safely back with
her oh you don't want to hear about some
old woman's ramblings reflexively the
lieutenant redis his familiar notebook
Kim writes everything down well it was
summer I was building a racing track out
of sand on the beach near a tall stand
of reads quite a tall one many times s
my hide I remember when all of a sudden
ah I'm getting ahead of myself I was 5
and a half in Bon core in the suburbs my
grandmother had a summer home there Bon
C got bombed in the war it used to be
quite near Circa 20 km from here the
strangest moment of my life I looked up
and one of the reads moved not like a
plant but like a living thing it stood
up and looked at me its body unfolded
like some antique
toy I've never seen anything like it I
didn't know this can happen so I reached
my arm and touched the thing it felt
just like a stark of Reed but it moved
swaying towering above
me after a while 20 seconds a minute
maybe it left
went into the reads I tried but I was
only a child there was mud and high
water I couldn't see it anymore I was
just standing there kneed deep in mud
looking around
me I ran back home to my grandmother and
asked her if Reeds could walk and told
her they were looking at
me of course she just laughed at me but
I knew what I'd seen for years it was a
story I told a parties when I wanted to
impress boys that sort of thing of
course most people just took it as a
strange amusing anecdote so did I
honestly but then I met Morel we were on
our first date when I told him my
story you should have seen his face he
said my descriptions match the fasit
down to a T it's white marble limbs the
way it
moved I thought it was a wonderful story
man our first yeah the Sigh is tender
the Sigh is tender yes but tempered by
something else a thought she can't
express
interesting not all of them as far as I
remember some of them on the inside like
stalks of marble if that makes
sense it's hard to say how big things
are when you're quite small yourself to
me it seemed to be taller than I was
then but that's probably not the case
what if it is the case of course I've
thought about it but Morel says my
report matches with the others and I'm
sure I hadn't heard of the fasit as a
child or had my mother or my grandmother
so how did I know what to
imagine it was only when I started
telling my story as as a teenager the
boys would tell me Lena you trying to
tell us you saw the insul Indian fit out
there in those reads get out of
here they just give me a solder and
ruffle my hair and tell me to stop
dreaming but I saw it you're welcome
sweetie I do appreciate the chance to
relive it whenever I get one it was
just such an impossible sunshiny day so
warm oh yes a
zoologist a crypto zoologist to be more
precise it's a Pudo science that
attempts to legitimize Research into
mythological beast and urban legend
that's uh one opinion yes and people are
entitled to their opinions Kim just like
said it was a nice story now he's like
she's used to playing off such insults
casually but they still affect her my
apologies ma'am I did not mean to
undermine your hobby it's not a hobby
dear it's a subfield of zoology one
specializing in animal species that are
so exceedingly rare that many assume
them to be extinct or even fictitious
searching for such species called
Cryptids is difficult and often
thankless and frankly many scientists
are too lazy to do it universities these
days are rarely interested in supporting
real research the quality of research at
River sholan universities has been on
the decline but you doubt there was ever
a time when crypto zoology was embraced
by the academic
Elite there's really no point in
manipulating anyone she'd be only too
pleased to tell you about her work go on
and
ask oh I to it truth be told I could
really use the company too one crypted
not a couple one this won't turn into
some kind of crypted
extravagan he nods and assumes a waiting
posture oo tough choice there
yes it's the kind green ape half War
Story half undiscovered species in the
genus homo yes it was reported by
soldiers in South Safra during the war
the kind green ape would visit bunkers
during the night healing wounded
soldiers with its saliva what happened
to his sideburns a mistake unfortunately
yes it has amazing healing qualities
some soldiers reported growing back
limbs regaining their sight indeed there
is it's our closest relative among the
Cryptids same taxonomic family different
gainus which is to say the kind green
ape is a species with which we share a
common ancestor and that evolved
parallel to our own just like your
partners
what the lieutenant looks at you
pleasantly
surprised oh no I didn't mean to imply
that sail lights are inferior to us in
many ways you are superior for example
your ear wax doesn't have a foul odor
like ours does a tremendous evolutionary
advantage I'm sure but perhaps we've had
enough speculative biology for
today of course
dear
damn she she randomly hits you with the
extreme racism well consider this
consider this consider
this her husband is working with what's
his name the crypto
fascist yeah everyone disco is [__]
racist she's like no I'm not racist
you're actually more powerful than us
because your ear wax is better like no
dude you're you're just
racist I like how everyone in this like
almost everyone in this room is
interactable but not this
one or that one okay never mind oh but
our favorite guy
our favorite our favorite Guy what's it
what it's all about the
money it's all about the money yep yep
yep this guy's going to this guy's going
to love the crypto fascist
uh do we need
to inside you see a set of steering
levers a radio microphone a pullout
toolbox and the soft glow of the fuel
preheater gaug this ising 57 how may I
assist
you have you heard back from the
international from the Insane Clown posy
what I say the international clown posy
the
[__] yeah can you connect me to the
international
clown
posy no and I doubt they'll get back to
me before tomorrow morning anything else
one
moment can you please describe the body
a sex C of death we suspect he might
have been inebriated when he fell there
were bottles all around him and traces
of vomit on his shirt any signs of
violence no field Toopy necessary you
can hear her quickly typing in the
background what about his belongings did
you examine his cloth any information on
the library
cab good you have a lead do you and L
kitsuragi want to take the case or
should I assign it to someone else I
have assigned the case to L Nim kit
please follow up on this Library lead to
identify the man we'll send someone to
take the body to the mor that's all for
now thank you for reporting in is there
anything else I can do for you I'm
afraid they're closed it says here that
the library is open from 10:00 a.m. to
6:00 p.m. we should try again during
business hours anything else
detective 57s over and out in the cabin
you see a set of
staring okay so wait I still have no
idea who who who took the gun right cuz
Harry sold the gun in a days at the pawn
shop someone else bought the pawn shop I
mean someone else bought the gun oh help
me oh help me someone else bought the
pawn shop
um yeah okay
oh Kuno doesn't give a [__]
I love pollution in the
East this door is made of metal and a
appears to be reinforced no one answers
we should return tomorrow tomorrow at
9:00
p.m. Oh I thought it
was wait I thought Alvis was a
girl I'm going to Miss cim screaming at
that
door trying to sneak up on
me try
to trying to sneak up on me
again new League of Legends season
looking fire it is kind of isometric
isn't it
they've successfully got me to care
about Kuno they haven't gotten me to
care about kunos s yet but we might get
there we'll
see is there anything else to do that's
time limited right
now where's the egg
puzzle what was the eggh Head puzzle I
don't
remember oh it's the club guys
okay
yeah yeah
yeah find speed and sniff
it does Kuno know anything
yes the art for this game is is
beautiful I mean it's detailed and very
well done I don't know if I'd said Harry
is beautiful but that's I wouldn't want
him to
be Kuno like Kuno dad Kuno doesn't
[__] care
okay he so s
Kuno doesn't [__]
care so I still can't get in here huh
you see a
heavy how do I get in
there what is
that behind the Dock Workers a ceiling
height window the Hawthorn branches
scrape the glass like bony fingers you
see two maybe three bushes grown into a
single Thicket over a period of Circa 50
years it takes time for a hedge like
that to
form there's a little slide panel up
there to let some air in no need to open
it in the spring it's still too cold
outside one can't see into the Union box
from the yard outside that Hawthorne is
too thick
-2 for it's not time yet
that's that's
interesting how do we yeah it's that
that's super [__]
mysterious in such an overt way as
well um
how do I get up there okay
wait so I'm so curious about
uh this one find a way into the secret
passage I have no idea how to how to do
that
come on
kimothy my left stroke just went
viral no idea
how do I wash the dirty jacket do I use
the uh
here's the
sink the
sink I'm becoming friendch help
me am I powerful
now it's you again what is
it do I want to say that
it's you again what is it yeah
save yeah my friends you mean his
squadmates from crenel wouldn't want to
beat up his grandma
this is what happens if you take Theo
into your own hands other people start
doing it too let them come The Hardy
Boys are right [__] here you heard
the man right here we're armed we got
the whole District behind us and Glenn
Glenn is [__] crazy yeah I will oil
Mur
machine
Glenn the most menacing name of all
time do you know a
single s s giant hornet can kill 40 bees
a
minute we got weapons of our own we got
ister 50s zeliger Glenn's got a knock
cannon at
home I guess we're going to see aren't
we that was an unsure
phrasing yeah like you've been up
against ceramic
armor you haven't even seen the whole
suit right I've seen the whole [__]
thing and it didn't make him immortal
the [__] is that supposed to mean we're
not bees We're Men we're socialists
easy he's trying to FAS you what are you
trying to do scare my
men so are the local gangs the [__]
Bary Army and the Madre scum you being
out there seen any around yeah where are
they now huh send back to m a cargo
crate these people are trained military
professionals Special Forces as you said
they're not a gang or Bary Army no
they're not they're uncoordinated and
drunk we know more about them than you
think big [__]
surprise they hire psycho scum arm them
to the teeth and let them loose into the
city what do you think is going to
happen what do you mean
okay okay I guess I'll be gunning you
down right alongside
them goddamn Rod we do we' done it
before ain't that R fellas [__] yeah we
have battle hardened Urban soldiers man
we got the guns and the reserves yeah we
got
reserves we can call in
reinforcements what reinforcements
though
bro scuba diving for Jesus scuba diving
for
Jesus scuba diving for Jesus and the
like scuba diving for Jesus scuba diving
for Jesus
the door is closed
this this the lieutenant gives you a
quick still the lieutenant
gives wait what if I want my twink still
my emotional support
twink why I can be Violet Pony and you
can be twinklet Pony it's
perfect never mind everyone ignore me
everyone ignore
me everyone ignore me a mirror hangs on
a bathroom warn it's barely covered in
Steam anymore you see yourself the
expression guys fix to your it's all
right don't you're still not accustom to
it I didn't say
anything a mirror hangs on the bathroom
wall it's barely still not
happening I can do it I have the
willpower aka the scap's coming a mirror
hangs on a bathroom wall it's like
something snaps in you a nerve ending a
thought a sadness your face in the
mirror
is suddenly clean of the lay that had
distorted it for God knows how
long just like that it's over the
running gag that your life had become a
sad old man looks back at
you a mirror hangs on the bathroom wall
it's barely covered in Steam anymore you
see your face such as it is a regular
clean shaven police
officer I don't know if I like this
I don't know if I like
this I don't know if I like
this you wanted this no I
didn't I didn't know what I was
doing I'm getting giving him the
expression
back oh thank
God the bed is still cold
from it's not easy but your bones are so
tired from what feel like weeks of work
on the case you have to try after what
feels like hours you feel you might be
sleeping
thoughts
baby a million little lights in the dark
you're one fine instrument
brother all those faces and all those
names all that laughter and screaming
and scheming
around every
corner and every street recording it in
you
forever on
F no your spinning tapes at the Disco
Tech the great unceasing disco of the
Mind The
Flash the
bang the endless learning experience
after years and years it turns out one
of my childhood icons at music it's also
a pad like me feels good man glad to be
here what do you mean what are you
talking
about on and on it goes for Untold
hours at the Disco where you first asked
her to
dance
rising
Rising above the dark
curvature the great wingspan of
slee guys don't studed with stone don't
don't question mark don't question
[Laughter]
mark ah I don't
smoke it's just anytime someone draws my
OC's uh doing drugs or whatever I'm like
I'm just like supportive
you can always head Canon my OC's as as
being that way behold there are millions
of them down there the first time the
last
time the smoke in her
mouth the plotted flowers the faces the
plotted flowers changing the plotted F
flowers liic system what if I drink your
OC making a pipe bomb okay don't because
my my uh I I don't think I told you guys
the [__] the the cheerly the the top
10 facts about
cheerly video I made on YouTube got me a
a community strike because it said it
was it was glorifying
terrorism I'm not
kidding I still have a community strike
from it right now it will not go away
until till
March the reason the only reason why I
got the community strike is because I
put up an image of Ted kazinski next to
next to chle and I just wrote have you
ever seen them in the same room together
and that's it that's the only thing
that's the only
thing sorry just like say you a drawer
by OC building a p was just so
funny worth it no the [__] it
wasn't YouTube is way too
serious it's the world Harry boy and
you're made of
it every day you're out there you make
more of yourself from
it I'm afraid you can't be unmade now
you can never forget this
[__]
beautiful it's stuck on Loop whiring
spitting out words and
images you're the son of the world again
harista a ceaseless agent picking up
litter and old
newspapers collecting your little
bubblegum rappers an idiotic picture
postcards meaningless meaningless keep
sanks reading your awful letters and
recalling things aren't you the endless
names of the world an address book you
are the map of a
city you'll go insane if you keep going
like this one more day and you'll be in
the Looney Bin I just know you
will and for what brother man for the
working
class solving your little crossb r doing
your tasks Crossing names off lists
trying to become some sort of world
detector it won't make it okay it won't
put smoke back in her
mouth there he goes
again he's a real political animal oh
Harry he still doesn't see that it's the
world changing around him he's got no
idea what he's in for beep beep beep the
alarm is ringing Harry the Disco s goes
on and on you barely slept 3 hours last
night do it for the wind do it for the
picture puzzle put it all together solve
the world one conversation at a
time looking into
it rise and shine comrade it's time to
get to work despite order thinking
you've been doing only
0.001% of Communism has been built it's
too great a task to undertake a loan
you're going to have to get organized
uh-oh organization hasn't exactly been
your strong suit historically speaking
Godly
failure your level of personal upkeep is
irrelevant all that matters is your
commitment to building the world you
must seek out your revolutionary
brothers and sisters find out how much
communism they've built then together
maybe you'll be able to build as much as
0.002% of communism oh guys we have to
[__] build
0.002% of Communism but it won't be easy
Decades of persecution by Coalition
authorities have driven the remaining
Communists of martines underground
possibly if you have been it's only
because you're a double agent acting in
furtherance of your long-term objectives
listen to this do you really think
you're the kind of person an underground
communist cell would Intrust with a
mission that requires such
discretion regardless what's past is
past you need to look forward to the
work of building communism for all I
need to fire up maav socialist sausage
grinder just between us you may want to
lay off this grind up the bis stuff it's
a bit off ping even to fellow Communists
is
it is
it can we not say ether Rich anym let
your nose guide you
detective you must mean my nose as in my
huge and highly functioning tap low
taper fade no we meant your nose as in
that swollen muck detector in the center
of your face it just happens to be
perfectly calibrated for sensing
Communists okay we really have no idea
what they're talking about there's no
linking between ideology and allf
faction perception just said I don't
know what the [__] is going on
dude what does communism smell like
failure but what does failure smell like
it's a smell you know all too well oh I
know simultaneously repulsive and yet
Darkly appealing musty with a a sharp
Tang but also a remnant of lost
sweetness like a rotting mango that's
been swaddled in a coat from your
grandfather's attic okay what you're
smelling is your own body odor of course
nothing a shower and change of clothes
couldn't
fix people sometimes complain there are
no real Communists left in martines but
you can smell their presence they're out
there waiting for you to join them
incidentally during the waning days of
the anti- Centennial Revolution a number
of rolian communards constructed
elaborate hideouts in abandoned root
cellers hollowed out Tree Trunks and
even residential sewage tanks this
latter phenomenon gave rise to the early
anti-communist slogan the future's
bright when you flush out the white
first you'll have to locate the
remaining Communists in martines when
you get near to someone with
revolutionary potential your nose will
give you the signal to establish contact
okay rhetor again no it won't any
olfactory response you perceive will be
strictly
psychosomatic judging from the bust of
KMOV and other revolutionary
paraphernalia you discovered it seems
that the capeside apartments may be a
hotbed of communist
activity you'll discuss the Monumental
World historical task that lies before
you you'll engage in rigorous and
spirited debates about mazovian theory
and practice but mostly you'll probably
complain about other
Communists not at all complaining about
other Communists is one of the most
important parts of being a communist
understood here we go wake Brave worker
it is no time for bed fight till there's
no slaves below and no Masters or
ahead oh no not you
miror no no no
where is my where is
my the door is where is
he where is
he there he is thank God I got so
scared again I can't believe this
[__] about what you don't look like a
cop you know what you look
like no you will not start blabbering by
that
[__]
no no he doesn't if I wasn't clinically
depressed I'd burst out laughing but I'm
going to go with no right now if I
wasn't clinically depressed I'd burst
out
laughing actually I don't want to hear
you say things come on Jean
okay say things I want to hear you say
things hear that he wants you to say
things say one suddenly out of nowhere
case related things start popping up in
your
head you think he was hanged as a cover
up to hide the
shooting okay
well I don't know why are you it's like
you felt it would be intellectually
stimulating and would lead somewhere
accustom even strange oh my God there's
more you okay why not so do you know who
hanged
him I don't know oh my God there's
more the woman in an RCM Patrol
officer's uniform winces as she notices
you I would really prefer not to talk to
you right now as Lieutenant kitsuragi
explained a patrol officer is the lowest
rank in the RCM below lieutenant and
Sergeant yes I
am I know he's the real deal he has a
badge it's hard to tell whether he's
sarcastic or sincere but if you had to
guess you would say the lieutenant is
being sarcastic in you rhetoric I'm
definitely not the
Cavalry I don't know I mean uh why would
I want to talk
you no you haven't wronged me it's
okay okay fine let's talk what did you
want what does one talk about with a
fellow
officer what Precinct [__] deranged
lunatic you're getting an intellectually
unsatisfying vibe from this conversation
maybe you're doing something
wrong I forgot conceptualization heals
my morale every every day
now of course I'm with him why' you
ask you're an [__] you know what
maybe with both [__] please let's
not turn this into another exchange
okay uh it uh means I'm a patrol officer
sir what was with that
sir well I uh I guess I uh cut the [__]
every second you stand here running your
mouth the case grows
colder that that was pretty good Harry
wasn't it joh whoa how does she know
your name she probably heard it from
somewhere you have to be more careful
karaoke Stone names are dangerous you
have to be more careful karaoke star huh
that was yeah that was absolute [__] if
you want my opinion drunken [__] haven't
wanted anything to end this belly since
I had claster headaches horrible truly
horrible I beg if you don't ever subject
anyone to this tort her again I mean
seriously you need to no he not right
don't make it worse and and I I really
liked it she actually
did yes I called you by your name what
about it
good everybody knows your name please go
finish your investigation so everyone
can go home I don't I don't know what to
say don't say anything she
did me no I'm just a man with sunglasses
I like wearing sunglasses inside
sunglasses and a [__] wig
okay logic says okay wait
logic logic says okay no no no logic
says I don't want to be
alive I don't want to be
alive I just want to die today I just
want to die right right logic right
right who can relate woo right right
logic right right I'm just looking out
for no one I'm just a man with
sunglasses and you
are yes a policewoman who just wants to
do her job that's
all I can't believe that song was 20
years ago can you stop saying
things something about I'll believe you
glasses and you the energy between you
two is making her
uncomfortable again I can't believe this
[__]
I I I just have to [__] know song
name is the it's the suicide hotline
number from before I heard a rumor I
don't even know if it's true but I swear
they changed the suicide hotline number
because of that
song again I can't believe this you know
what it is it's like the two of you know
each other just ask him oh I definitely
know you from
somewhere another life yes from Another
Life a different life maybe the life of
a police officer belonging to the ranks
of there to what station do you think
you would belong in this alternate and
totally fictional reality okay okay
that's plausible that's entirely
plausible now we're really getting
somewhere somewhere
good
okay let's be crazy let's say you and I
are Partners how's that for without
experiment Kim's cluer than you I'm sure
he's [__] flattered but Kim is not
part of his thought experiment in this
one we are
Partners the lieutenant is
silent no cuz in this thought experiment
we are police officers in the police
station we don't do crimes we're not
crime Bros come on
stop
it oh no no no you see I enjoy watching
other better cup solve crimes and let me
tell you it's been quite a privilege
seeing you work this isn't
helping you're not going to believe this
but police officers yes sir solving
crimes loing up bad guys and and get
this and not getting that drink on at
2:00 just some regular barring
[__] in suits and uniforms
nothing spectacular extravagant like you
the far out son of Lang oh it's you you
eccentric genius I mean with your ano
approach to police work it has to be you
not even a little bit it's an urban me
but an officer who is so far under cover
he can't remember who he is as I say
it's just an urban myth you are not the
son of L okay yes you get the joke leave
it at that neither can I partner neither
can
I okay the man with the sunglasses and
his hypothetical Station 41 weird
right there's something missing here
something you can't put our finger on
you know what just ask him I know it
sounds crazy and you'll probably get
laugh at yes just cross it off the list
it's probably not true though
again I can't believe
this again I'm going to say no just to
see what you'll say to that what you say
Okay Jean he said okay give it a rest
okay I was clearly wrong he is a
firefighter male nurse Animal Control
a I want to see what the other option
was
again I'm going God [__] [__] okay I
was clearly wrong same he
is basically the same
thing wait no something about this Bunch
doesn't smell
right they are but they don't seem too
Keen to talk with you do they no they
don't Glenn seems to be contemplating
Grievous bodily harm while he massages
his raw knuckles in the far back Eugene
is doing his best to ignore
you and from his perch at the end of the
table Titus Hardy himself stares at you
with a cold contempt that makes you want
to leave the cafeteria straight away
besides you're pretty sure they consider
themselves social Democrats
the man Ponders his cooking
you I've got nothing to say to you why
are you wasting your
time it's you again what is
it I feel like an asparagus
don't
you window is it time
yet behind the dock worker you see two
maybe three bushes okay it's not time
yet
[Music]
[__] does Kuno care Kuno
does okay
let's start off with
[Music]
this where were they
inside you see a set of steering levers
a radio microphone this is pring 57 how
may I assist you yes the armor was
produced by fair weather in their
facilities in beton in 42 it was part of
a special order for c pharmacy a
security firm contracted to protect the
interest ofan pharmaceutical companies
in the semine conflict so it seems the
armor went to semine that's where the
paper trail ends though even the f
proven difficult to track C the pharmacy
has been renamed several times over in
the years since the armor was issued yes
that is the most recent name the ICP has
been able to connect to the CVP and the
one before it was down one I also have
one called siment but I think that might
be a different contractor no they work
called sediment and somat sense orins
all that during the last 9 years a suit
of armor like this would have been
manufactured with a particular person's
Physique in mind you should ask for whom
this suit was
fitted yes but the ICP tends to be
reluctant is their private sector
records I could try to tuug them into it
though sure call back tomorrow hopefully
I will have more information for you
then 57s over and out in the cabin you
see okay so who are
you that's one br brutal motor
Carriage that's a
name if I were a real skull now I'd
jacket paint it in palm tree Livery then
bottom light neon
style a snazzy [__] ripped skull mobile
like this would make a fine trophy we
could like hang [__] shrunken heads
from the side mirrors cops heads scary
tribal [__] yeah tribal [__] a cop
Carriage like this would have proper
skull
value well I appreciate the interest you
take in my brutal motor Carriage I have
to stop you right there the RCM takes
threats directed at its property
seriously I um it's just theoretical
work copper no basis in reality man if
we were certified skulls right now
skulls now there's a strong
organizational title I can tell you who
we're not cop we're not
snitches or skulls which is not to say
that the skulls are [__] in on the
contrary the part of this presentation
you want to take home with you cop man
is we're not part of the skulls
yet okay then let's indulge in some
intellectual exchange these young men
seem eager to share their
beliefs do you guys know Cindy the skull
oh yeah Cindy's a right proper
skull wait who is
Cindy yeah a true artist of the future
just like ano van oh is she the one that
was on the balcony over at the
apartments by the way if you see Cindy
give her our regards for all their
nihilistic postering these young men are
not lacking in youthful idealism the
lieutenant on your left is unusually
lenient toward
them we're not franchise skulls well not
yet once we get our name out there we'll
have a chance to join them because we
can be just as psycho and vicious you'll
see ah you'll see for sure once we're in
it's the last thing you'll ever see
before the void consumes you throw him
off his
game uh well yeah I mean we're only
saying practice things for now so we
don't mean no harm to the skulls brand
or do you this is definitely something
the skulls would would say but we're not
trying to encroach on The skull's
Branding anyway on the contrary we're
just here to Market
it hey we can be just as hard like
pavement on top of pavement or a brick
on top of another brick or a grave on
top of a grave these kids have the
vocabulary but might be missing a brain
wouldn't a grave on top of a grave be
just a big hole what's hard about holes
filling them up baby
electrochemistry I need you to settle
down sometimes cuz you're you're being
really
loud oh man yeah we're not [__] kids
man be wary of the
Abyss be wary of the abys
be wary of the Abyss it's a threat an
impotent threat of
violence but I don't in fact I dislike
them so much I'm willing to drag you
boys back to the station just to calm
myself down oh [__] Kim hey uh there's
no need for that we're just talking here
joking too stay light man yeah didn't
you cops like have some questions about
skulls or some [__] the union does their
share of policing in Martinez at least
where gangs are concerned that's why
there isn't much organized crime around
here don't you worry about that we're
going to make up for the deficit yeah we
are
mhm
V yeah sure we'll gladly tell you
everything we know about
it it was a
man also he was
hanged he was hanged from a tree yeah I
mean duh these punks don't know anything
let's just move along hey stop right
there how this sounds like epistemology
I feel so occupied by thought that it
begins to question thought
itself
exactly how can one know [__] for
example how can one be sure that there
truly is a body hanging behind a hostel
what if it's art or just a mere Spectre
maybe it's true the hanged man is merely
a prop in a performance we are the
audience and the artist is hiding
somewhere in the dark
so what do you think we
know what about
them well first off it's a statement and
not necessarily something that
characterizes me as a person even though
the statement has character and I do
like the word epitomizes the struggle
taking place in the world things being
defined as they seem not as they are and
I guess
it's also about communal Spirit the
future and truly appreciating our
differences um shorted also you've got
to admit it catches the eye and since
the grand Piper is slowly but steadily
moving towards basing the economy on it
attention it is imperative that the
medium itself convey the
message what are you saying what I mean
by this is we are all pissed
and that the world is inherently
meaningless though he seemed lacking in
vocabulary it seems that the young man
has expertise in at least one field even
if it's rather narrow like I said before
many men keep searching for the one for
so-called true love which is actually
just Obsession masquerad in his kinship
The Thrill of the chase the holess that
fills your chest cavity after catching
I'm wondering if the Poetics come with
with the jacket or are they derived from
something else entirely drama is not
impressed to catch a fish you'll need to
H the law many times and even then it
isn't certain that you'll get anything
if you blow up the lake though that's a
terrible metaphor you get more fish in a
shorter time and for time is of the
essence and fleeting ever so quickly one
must think of a way to [__] the whole
world and and not get caught up in
[__]
someone
um guys I think he's
stupid because when one [__] everything
he [__] nothing and that to me feels
glorious sticking your dick into the
void
um yeah that one gave me a headache
that one gave me that one that one gave
me a headache that a
Heche he's not what you he's not he's
just he's just spewing he's just
spewing hate to admit it but in a weird
way rhor he's got a point Ric rhetoric
man rhetoric what are you talking about
man is it a coincidence that here we
have two badass jackets and two badass
cops okay
yes Lether jacket s da with imit writing
the ideology they convey helps the boys
justify poor choices in life and fashion
I'm not a
fan what are you in playing
I'm not sure I understand you detective
you wanted to know which jacket I'd wear
right neither I'd wear neither fine if
only to end this discussion
theoretically if I we a juvenile
delinquent if I were to already be down
that path I think p is the stronger of
the two
St okay
seems about right especially considering
your heroic exit attempts that's an
origin story for a dynamic duo right
there so are we done here or you don't
need us around for your secret whisper
party do you you don't know what kind of
cop are you it's not a question don't
get into
it the skulls are the most vicious gang
of the
bmer B
or the besti The Immortals are West
riverian crime syndicates the nastiest
bunch of psychos ever jacking cages and
getting into highspeed chases possessing
an infinite amount of [__] all Swagger
Infamous for their non-verbal modus
operandi if a skull spots you he will
pull out his dagger and stab you without
saying a word the lieutenant voice is as
calm as usual a testament to the
violence and death he's witnessed
through the sight of his firearm they
usually occupy the burnt out quarter in
Jamrock or you can find them lering
around the brightly painted bottom
lighted
vehicles I can't wait to become a skull
bottom lights are wretched
aggressive that's a red
check not going to try right now
make way for the master
poet
thanks so what
we're oh I to call the Jamrock
Library it's inside you see a set of
steering levers a radio microphone a
pullout toolbox and the soft glow of the
F this ising 57 how may I assist I'm
afraid that're closed it says here that
the library is open we should try again
dream
an we have to wait an
hour for some reason I thought they were
open till from 6:00 a.m. but I guess it
was 6:00 p.m. when they
Clos how do we kill the
racist looking for something aun come to
tell me to [__] off again yes
there do you smell that what can you not
detect that inimitable whiff of
dissatisfaction and restlessness that
sense that the world is in need of
dramatic even violent
reordering does that mean there's a
commonness nearby can you smell it now
you in hell the CIA along your old
factory epiphan tingle with excitement
as they sift through the swirling morass
of industrial odors first come the
smells of the agitated strike Breakers
layers of body oil and sweat over
buttered meals pulled from bakik lunch
Pals the biting stench of Li soap and
then there's the slowly oxidizing metal
gates the scent of stale grease
emanating from every crack everything in
order
detective smelling for communist Kim
you're smelling for you know what I'll
just leave you to it carry on detective
the lieutenant LAX your highly developed
political all Factory cortex the re of
Communism is undeniable and it's coming
from that railing right there yes now's
your chance to establish contact
but be easy about it Communists have
been known to charge when
startled here I come banana
man we're off to Banana
City he really did J just say that's
nice
sweetie hola wondering man how can I
help
you what's that Boya now's your chance
remember come comms are notoriously
skittish so it's best to insinuate your
way
in I'm looking for some people who who
know how to really grind a sausage if
you know what I
mean don't think I've ever met a CR
personally then again I've never been to
GR
H have you tried a butcher
shop okay maybe it's time to abandon the
subtle
approach could be coming from one of the
jam
lores cargo's been sitting out for a
while okay maybe it's time ah now I see
can't say I'm surprised you seem to take
your communism seriously not a bad thing
Mindy it's good for a man to take time
to think about the whole sociopolitical
world picture oh he certainly likes to
take his time with things especially
when politics are at issue so you've
given up coping and now you're hunting
communist care to say
why oh I see I wish I could help
unfortunately I don't know many
comunistas maybe maybe not either way
I'm not institutional amen got to blaze
his own trail in my book blazing his own
trail being his own man not exactly your
typical communist Spiel okay so maybe
he's not exactly a communist but there's
definitely some communistic residue
about him resider ah but you know I did
meet a genuine EO a few months ago
perhaps he's your guy it was late one
night as I was leaving the aror he was
waiting on the corner in a bright white
jacket classic sat Ian sty he asked me
for a light we shared cigarettes then he
asked me if I ever thought about getting
into some of the extra physical branches
of
Communism no idea I took it to me he was
asking me to join some sort of
underground cell the homosexual
underground a very old school organizing
pleas please please please please please
please pleas us to do before the
Revolution the same thing I always tell
people who tried to press some claim on
me I said every boy rides alone you know
a guy with a theory someone who likes to
pit his theory against other theories in
deadly Theory combat wow
snitch I couldn't tell you once I
declined his offer we finished our
cigarettes and he disappeared back into
the night just before he melted into the
Shadows he turned to me and said
remember DOA and Abad and then he was
gone I don't know guess not everyone
were remembers been wondering about that
myself some communist inside talk could
be not meant for The Wider problem they
love that kind of thing you have to ask
someone who knows the C the logo
personally I have to say though it
sounds like you found yourselves a
proper hun the man Whispers a juny tune
a coastal Breeze Ruffles his
hair so far Manana what window
free
drugs so far Manana is one of my
favorite of the voice actors in this
game it's a great
voice Okay so
okay 446 ammo cuz we found where those
guns were I don't we find much more but
I haven't been going in here I don't
know how much actually changes around
here
a few bricks have fallen off revealing a
compartment behind the wall it means
there are firearms he likes this fight
okay we already figure that out over
there this are machine you slip your
fingers under the FR no this is going to
need something else some kind of super
Pyar if you want to try again then you
need to have equip the pry bar by going
to the inventory y from that thank
you I know how video games
work this orange machine is dead still
it has a hand cranked ice cream churner
and an electric freezer the ice it
slowly
melting okay we really do need a super
prar the beer's eyes are dead and
yep uh you have not been banned from the
chat
do you really know the video game have
you taken the video game on a date
yet oh it's you again are you looking
for a
die what is my Shivers Shivers is
okay I already have maximum
Shivers I have maximum
Shivers I have three skill points I can
use huh I don't know what to put them
into though I'm always waiting to like
retry checks with
them
wait where
where I do not
see looks like someone tried to
reconceptualize their business look the
skis and rotor blades both bear the same
stream logo it seems likely that they
started out making one failed to turn
that's a good
question not
quite I swear we already did
that so far nothing really different
than
here from
before
H is this contact mic stop
the barbell Waits patiently on the floor
like a dog for its Master you're right
you wait me for love better not touch it
then it would be a violation of epis
safety regulations if the gym was still
operating but it isn't no one's supposed
to come here
anymore C is like one of the most
patient people in the universe
hello again esteemed
officer Bell R hello again God uh I've
told her not to do that it's such a
disgusting habit she'll get over it
anxiety is a part of
life she can if she has enough willpower
this is what's called Growing Pains life
isn't easy life doesn't give breaks oh I
know
I'm talking to you come on ma'am it's
subious she can't do anything about it
you are placing an unnecessary burden
yeah tell her Kim tell her Kim drop that
[__] throw it back Kim kiss me Kim never
mind maybe it's super all right for kids
to chew their hands off
she stands stiff and severe silently
fuming 10 or so seconds pass without
change she's looking for one but there
simply aren't any good Arguments for
being an
[__] oh no hold on I need to invite
her inside and apologize she must be
freezing out there there I don't know
what to say to you my husband he tries
to teach me business lessons I have what
my mother called a dull mind all this
stress is this husband anette's
father Yes my husband is a successful
entrepreneur east of the river if only
he were more involved in the business
we're running up here no matter soon
we'll both be off for GR
kuram it's a proper place to live one of
the most peaceful neighborhoods east of
Jamrock you may know it for its massive
housing projects most of the buildings
are empty at the moment it's a great
opportunity to get ahead of the crowds
better times ahead for sure he made the
initial investment since then he's been
what you might call a silent partner
super silent almost inaudibly so
yes I'm afraid so a real treat she is it
would be nice if she had no we couldn't
have afforded more children really not
in this
economy a glimmer of sadness blined
through the well crafted
exterior
exactly she's been too busy helping me
here so she studied at home this
trimester this is a temporary solution
of
course I assure you I of all people
understand the the importance of
Education she will be back in school the
moment the store takes
[Music]
off oh yeah
it's why we always uh check to see if
they're loaded and hell freeze is over
never mind it's not a good topic to get
into the woman looks
aloof her features much softer
occasionally she glances at her
daughter's silhouette oh she forgot she
had a child amazing farewell now book
pedler I'm sorry sir I can't talk right
now I'm very busy with my homework I
have so much homework now you just can't
win out of the rain and into the
gutter no sir I can't it would be too
tiring to refrain from it it's already
tiring enough to remember to say it all
the time it's nice of you to say I could
stop
though that's a friendly enough face
most of the time
math it's really difficult like really
they say you need it to get rich better
than standing outside in the cold I
guess oh meth yeah I know about that
one oh I know about that one I'll tell
you what tell you what I know about that
one oh oh I found something while you
away I thought this would fit you like
thanks for helping out not me the city I
mean like detective
does I got the I got the I got the guy
hat just what dick Millan would ask I
got it from behind the curtains I'm not
really supposed to go
there yes just like the one dick Millen
wears all the time you'll look way more
serious with that right I have to get
back to my homework now before Mom
notices man this is hard that's really
nice
hi Ace detective are you here because
you know each other she's been talking
to you so openly because you've talked
before yes I used to stand out there all
the time before mother told me to focus
on my homework you've been running
around all week without your shirt on
Sir apologizing to everyone I don't
really understand what you've done wrong
of course you stopped by a few times you
sadly look better than the last time I
saw you
you yeah I can see you don't have party
eyes anymore party eyes yes of course
that makes sense you know like a cat in
the dark all big and
wide-eyed it certainly looks odd on a
man the swiveling eyes of a lony drug
addict that is what she meant you were
probably going into good thing she
didn't say party eyes loud her mother's
nearby [__] yeah you should get some
party eyes right now snap those sequins
on you
boy oh baby that's not what you have to
worry about worry about the important
thing I didn't know I had to do
that I'm glad I could help you
sir electrochemistry is a definitely the
goblin brain in he's got that Goblin in
him you know what I mean he's got that
Goblin in him you know what I mean he's
got that Goblin in him you know what I
[Applause]
mean okay let's
see what's the
news of snow always live nothing
I have really howed down
myself this is divine yes that's what
you need Gaston more padding on that fat
ass of yours I hope your heart gives
out it's Little Pleasures life doesn't
need to be
a a
struggle plus he's just eating a
sandwich leave him alone hello officer
how might I be of assistance of this
fine
day let me think I heard someone was
hanged and left on a tree for a week but
that's all I know
really no officers I'm sorry and I
really would like to
assist you are both good guys I can see
that then help them you wimp you have
plenty of shoulder with see go cavia in
the union someone must know something he
means caviar socialists I wish I could
but I just don't know anything I always
keep my nose clean and don't gossip
everyone knows and respects that what he
doesn't seem to be lying but there's
something off here I'm not I'm not even
any of course he's holding back his
mouth is so full of Union prick he can't
even speak properly can I at least
finish my [__] s s before you piss on
it is that okay Renee I'm not anyone
important in the union I just know have
heart everyone in Martinez knows the
Clare Brothers I told this boy's human
studies and history in the gymnasium
what do you know about history you never
witnessed history only heard about it
years later when it had already moved on
you don't know history the old Soldier
mumbles something under his breath and
turns to face the sea there he stands
proud rigid and alone like a cracking
marble statue I I I always love the
conceptual con
conceptualization interjections because
it's
like I'm really really fully
understanding how like the whole
emotions and like bodily function system
works in this game and like I'm just
noticing how much of like the lived
unconscious experience just like things
you do automatically and consider are
actually like placed right in front of
you as like narrations it's genuinely so
genius I love it let's try not to get
caught in a
crossfire oh in many ways yes like an
honorary member I attend meetings and
parties help with little s Evart Edgar
and the older the all know me before
this has there ever really been a game
that does anything like this what comes
to mind is like At first maybe like a
little bit of uh Psychonauts but
obviously not even remotely the same
that's just my one the one thing I can
think of that's like kind of like I can
make a connection if that makes
sense I haven't played outer Wilds but I
bought it recently I might play it soon
we'll
see I don't know anything about it
everyone keeps yelling at me to play a
blind and I can play a blind
so I was also thinking of playing Red
Dead Redemption 2 on stream but that's a
long game I mean so is Disco elium but I
also haven't played uh Red Dead
Redemption
one I kind of don't know if I want to
play Red Dead Redemption one
so I don't know
I don't know about the B's deadp Society
but I've seen the
movie I have played the Oro games I just
didn't play them on stream I just play
them like just in my room
oh yes not in the technical sense I
don't have a vote or a membership card
but evard keeps me on the payroll just
for the little s so that's what it was
before him hiding something he tries to
make it look like he's a big deal in the
union and now the illusion is
disintegrating before your and Rene's
eyes he doesn't know anything because no
one tells him anything he's an
outsider of course he's not a member
he's not a member of anything I knew
that he's a VAV turns to where he Wind
Blows and tries to look important I hate
the Socialist Rebel but even siding with
them is better than living your entire
life on defense never committing to
anything pick a damn side already
writing work must ly occasionally he
needs something written and I happen to
have way with words people say oh
nothing official I assure you just
essays for the newspapers about Martinez
and how things are and how they could be
have heart and I have this long talks
where where he tells his little pen man
exactly what to say it's come propaganda
plain and simple you should be ashamed
of
yourself on the union track I don't even
consider myself a regular socialist
politics is not really something I
involve myself in
officer officer I have a vivid
imagination
and like I said I have a way with words
that's enough no need to sink into
politics he just fluffs it up of course
don't sink into anything don't sink into
any fight only sink into your
couch I believe everyone have the right
to sink and do whatever they want even
if it's nothing at all I'm very
adaptable come on
you no thank you for being consumate
professionals you'll have this case
wrapped up in no time oh sweet Jenny she
was the finest woman in Hall of Ral
maybe the entire world do not defile her
memory Gaston let her rest in
peace we knew her all right lived on the
same street our entire lives just two
houses apart the three of us have been
best friends since we were four she was
Rene's first girl back when the prick
was 16 they were cutting till he decided
he'd rather die for some great ideal
than just be happy and then you stole
her from
me well technically you stole her from
me because we'd been pretty close ever
since you two had that falling out
however the ink you spilled over a
pretty yellow dress we were just boys
then this was
different you have no point starting
this all over again for the thousandth
and the first time especially when we
have
company officer she died of pneumonia
two Winters ago it was a quiet passage
peaceful Hy and I were both by her
bedside when she died no use sugar
coating it won't bring her back will it
now
departed until the very hand she
couldn't decide between us the most
indecisive woman I've ever met she could
never make up a mind about anything what
do have just like or which one of us to
marry she she's she she was always
leaving one of us for the other but
never long enough to actually get
married heck technically we're both
still engaged to her you always confused
there couldn't let us be happy Seda with
your fancy words and pastries pastries
he suddenly remembers you are still
there of course officer memories are all
we have
left okay that was not very productive
but I was uh
fascinating wait what do I what did I
the pity of snow always reminds me
composure where's my
composure
okay what's my numbers the of snow
always reminds me of the
42 I don't know why I didn't just quick
save wait what
happened it is such a pleasure to
see the purity of snow always remind as
reney turns from you to his partner in
back the medals on his chest Rattle and
glar he keeps his spine straight and his
rib cage lifted display in them proudly
two the larger one is shaped like a
cross while the smaller metal resembles
the Sun a crown head in front of two
crossed rifles the metal hangs from a
blue striped triangle it's the C the
bravour cross of Valor the cross was the
highest Battlefield decoration in
sarin's Armed Forces awarded for
exceptional bravery in the line of duty
in service of King frisell the first
first a small blue star inside an orange
Sun it has the word Valiant written
below the settin sun was a decoration
used to distinguish seasoned combat
veterans in service of King Frizzle the
first During the
Revolution for
bravery for doing my duty in the heat of
battle for looking my mortality in the
eye when men like Gaston here heaing the
bushes and shed themselves he saved some
muddy princeling who foolishly strolled
into the front line in his gwn of velvet
and
gold it was on the first months of the
Revolution here in Rell on race was
spreading like
wildfire Marauders had taken most of
Theon and were getting really ambitious
King Freel thought he could end it all
in one decisive
strike sent his cousin Dr to put an end
to the unrest alas the Young D was all
pie and no vinegar wearing a tunic of
purple velvet and [__] feathers to
battle even his rifle was God plated
shown from five clicks away can you
imagine the asininity you can it's very
asinine he really despises that dant
fellow purple velvet
tunic that isn't exactly camo to keep
the long and bloody story short the S
marched us against the partisans in Kon
and when I say March I mean made us walk
into capture the enemy territory single
file Like Toy Soldiers while he roded in
front on his giant red stallion the
rebels were smart they let us come real
close before opening fire suffice to say
it was
cage must have been a blood
PA I got shot in the left shoulder and
went down just a flesh wound but just as
I turned over the prince fell into the
mud next to me he was missing his lower
jaw then his horse driven mad by the
noise and smell of gunpowder stepped on
my leg and shattered my
knee shattered knee interesting actually
can we pick it up later and do questions
now I gled my side down and shot the
beast in the
head then everything went
black the bane of
horses when I came to it was all over it
was just me and Jon gurgling in the
blood soaked mud right next to me the
dink had taken numerous Flesh Wounds and
lost a lot of blood but despite missing
his Joy he seemed hesitant to die
tougher than he looked Z One
I've been through worse this [__]
happened to my buddy Eric dude like for
real Renee this [__] happened to my
buddy
Eric they CL the Dink and started
crawling kept going until the 59th
Cavalry picked us up there some miracle
we both survived and the je convinced
reel to give me a medal for not leaving
him to die in his own blood piece and
[__] he was the commanding officer and I
was on duty just doing my job shouldn't
hand out medals for
that 13 months later I receed the son
for distinguished service it's not worth
mentioning you sense he's downplaying it
he did a lot more than his duty more
than anyone's Duty it's in his spine in
his billowing breasts and untarnished
selfworth
because he was a goddamn Dandy had no
business Leading Men or even being on
the battlefield all he was was related
that's it Ro blood alone doesn't make
army commanders he was a stupid kid only
interested in horses hairstyles and man
loving 782 Royal caribiners are dead
because of his incompetence why is this
guy
homophobic whoa man loving is that even
a word oh rhetoric likes that one it is
not the old cariban here stands quietly
like a statue his features motionless
what monor modesty is not telling you it
that he crawled over 7 kilm before the
Cavalry men found him and dant two days
later that was and that even wi crawling
with mled of dead Prince on it back he
still managed to murder three Rebels on
his way is that pride in his voice it's
deep down but maybe even unbeknown to
the man himself it's
there sorry officer but you're reading
me hard wrong I'm a man of peace and
these kinds of bloody heroics are hardly
impressive to men like Renee himself
certainly not to me how did you find the
story to be
officer
bondar you and Gaston must be related
his blood runs yellow too maybe maybe
but also be in mine
officer they don't end this out for
anyone with a service recall oh no you
have to get shot repeatedly and you need
to get your hands blooded to really
really bloody do not speak of what you
know nothing about Bon duty is something
you will never
understand there were many such stories
in those days many such men too who rans
men B
backbone oh yes honey yes men were
bigger girls were prer and everyone wor
the fasion LA please bring those days
back if you can every everyone was a
what is that a
word I'm not getting into this with you
again officer was there anything
else I'm looking this up right
now I'm not getting anything for this
but what is what does that mean
surely he's not saying fascist right you
should try to come up with a heroic
story of your own impress this old
Soldier so is your
fashist we got to we got to hook him up
with the crypto fascist
F Kun nothing today
Kuno is the Buddy old pal
here wait that's another right one
[Music]
so do I have anything I could take a
look
at and intricate web of blue lines
stretches across the Torso of the hang
the pattern still kind of has an ethnic
feel to it for you to discover someone
who knows about history could tell you
gone a police badge on which you see the
look at his
face as you hold it in your hands it
makes an uncomfortable crunching
sound guys do you think that I can
handle the poop jacket
today it's a sworded filthy tail some
secrets are better left uncovered it
occurs to you it smells like a dead sea
creature Tangled in somehow the faint
impressions of many Footprints are Al
the crust somewhere they are like all of
a sudden Splat an explosion of white on
a man's shoe a curse it's too late
you've already thought about it now
you're just flicking that [__]
everywhere this is a
disaster the warn map features your
finger mood finally for more detail view
of the map
what to do
I guess we can
uh just occurred to me we can
go oh now you won't let me fast
travel call library or it is 10:00 a.m.
TR inside you see a set of steering
levers a radio microphone a pullout
toolbox and the soft glow of the fuel
preheater gate this ising 57 how may I
assist you hold on
officer I've got Central Jrock Public
Library on the line and I've already
introduced you to the librarian
connecting the call in two one
yes this is Central Jamrock Public
Library here how can I help you officer
oh this one's gay Billy Billy Maan you
said give me a moment I'll have to check
our
[Music]
database on Maro Drive in central
Jamrock in a darkened Hall lit by orange
desk lamps far away from the noise
outside a middle-aged man Taps commands
into an old radio computer a print out
falls on the desk behind him a lonely
reader scours some dusty bookshelves
looking for a paperback yes hello are
you still there I found Billy manan's
home address is that all right no phone
number unfortunately they're too poor to
have a phone
line here we go sir rud of sanes Lan 33b
apartment number 20 it's in Martin I
believe capeside Apartments it says
that's where the smoker on the balcony
lives isn't it
interesting it says here that they
returned their last book just a few days
ago but I wasn't at work that day
Marie Marie do you remember a reader
named Billy Maan they returned a tiol
book the other day Maurice what a woman
yells then yes yes okay if it was the
police yes it was my colleague Marie uh
she said that it was Billy's husband who
returned the book he also asked for this
new Sci-Fi release Lowe's Radio City 87
but we don't have it
yet the gay or not the
gay look is Billy is
Billy
like Billy Joel type or Billy eyelash
type or Billy the unspe ified gender
like a
goat where we
do Billy
Jean Billy
Jean good you have a name
now Marie knows Billy she's been working
here longer than me sometimes her
husband returned some books for her not
gay not gay not gay I'm killing
everyone I'm killing
everyone sorry no Maria only knows him
by
sight
Marie she said it was an older man and
that she's pretty sure he'd had a drink
or two the last time she saw him uh one
second sorry Mar wasn't really paying
any attention to that happy we could
help goodbye
officer anything else you need from me
57 over and out in the cabin you see a
in the cabin in the
cabin in the
cabin in
thein I'm going to
church and that is a th
heavy wooden doors more than twice your
height stand shut in front of you the
rectangular seaw warn ornamentation
appears in Star contrast to the padlock
carelessly drilled into the wood the
lock turns easily you hear a click as
the shackle pops open let's go a great
whoo of air rushes into the dark in ards
of the church as though rushing to fill
a great vacuum in the Heart of the
City
huh w
okay say I should walk here not run what
if I ran
the silence in this part of the church
it's almost palpable all the shifting
matter and shuffling of living things is
gone nothing seems to exist beyond the
church anymore maybe if you were to
stand in just the right spot even your
footsteps would be completely silent and
then it's gone almost all of it but for
the faintest of hums it seems the sound
here is detached from is Source somehow
if not blot it out outright truly
unusual you can hardly hear your own
breathing your voice is barely audible
not a howl but the softest of whimpers
you produce a few muffled thumps after
which the silence feels even more total
somehow the lieutenant points to his
ears and shakes his head then he leans
closer can you hear anything
the church just has strange Acoustics
some engineering trick maybe the church
was designed this way to prevent
boisterous activity singing and dancing
on its
premises the lieutenant doesn't reply
but you can sense him tense up next to
you the orderly rows of ceiling panels
become barely visible then Disappear
Completely in the darkness of the tower
please tell me I
saved
how [__]
how 82 well I [__]
whatever just darkness Without End it
makes your head spin
there's nothing officer what are you
looking at filled with vague
sh oh you see something hanging from the
rafters looking straight at you with
dark eyes maybe it's possible to talk to
it is that a man looks more like part of
the carpentry of the building came alive
and is now studying you intently the
crab
man the man leaned forward a little
fixing you with a steady unreadable gaze
then speaks habitual alcohol use has
made you into a scar little [__] homes
but don't worry everything's going to be
all right you come to the right place
that accent is Villalobos the peninsula
in mesque and a district in general
there's a sizable contingent of villa
Lobos speaking MKS in
rivers here you can receive the mother's
love and when you're ready she will take
your hand and lift you out of the
despair at the bottom of that b this man
is obviously a habitual narcotics user
do we really need to question him hey
and what was that about the Bott game
you have't even drank that much lately
lay off it already
sh oh hell no runs
away is that crud the way I see deep
inside you your body and your spirit are
suffering greatly from over indul and
you don't even know it
not all of it I was like you
once you don't know all the Havoc elino
is wrecking on your mind and your spirit
necess hom you know actually since we
are here you may want to pay attention
to what the ceiling climber is saying
don't trust me trust the mother I'm only
the messenger holes this is the Church
of the mother of Silence you are welcome
here I thought it said sways gently on
the beans I was like what beans you have
no idea what the [__] he's talking about
is he just trying to throw you off your
game whatever it is he's quite confident
about it just look how gracefully he
sways is not an act to My Le save him
per chance he ha deceived his very self
this man is a
zealot never known myself to be a crab
but if that's the name you got for me I
won't stop you from using it
I always thought of myself more like a
flame flickering along the rafters and
beams it may be that I got to work on my
technique that's not the only technique
he's working on look at those C
sculptures and is that a satchel of
tools over there sure am wling wood used
to be something I just did to busy my
hands now I use those same hands in
service of something greater than my own
restlessness all right let's consider
the context and meaning
here you've got some nice curves going
there these seem a tad
derivative you're promoting the
objectification of women with your
reactionary depiction of f nail bodies
sure we'll go with that it's all just
for the mother man no need to overthink
it I was in a gang way but my memories
of that time are fading most of them are
already
gone that's not not really the point I
say you got to give yourself over to
service service of the mother that
is do you remember your name sir
thiago's my name but those sybles don't
mean much to me these days my name isn't
just your identity but also so to speak
your place amongst your fellas your
place in the world I ain't got no use
for such a place anymore
that's just the thing Holmes none of
that
matters never known myself to be a crab
oh but if I always thought that's not
the only Tech I was in a gang way but my
memories of no man you got do you
remember your thiago's your place
amongst your fellas that's just the
thing Holmes this is a special place
there's a perforation in the world up
there a way out into
nothingness this church was built around
it for purposes of veneration I circled
it nurtured by the silence bestowed by
the mother one of these days I'd be pure
enough to go drink from it directly
I'm a Sarah Holmes I sing the mother's
Glory I don't mean literal singing homes
this is the mother of Silence we're
talking about it's the singing of a
Burning
Heart okay you may be thinking but fire
crackles no holes that's the material
that's burning the blames themselves are
without
sound this is making less and less sense
by the
moment oh that's no simple question that
said she is one who can be painted or
sculpted she is a cavity in the dark
Beyond sense she saved me but I couldn't
describe her to you no one can holes and
no one ever will
it's not like that at all man it's just
faith and joyful service too gleeful
those words he is lying not to you to
his very own self Thank You
drama I heard that before way and I know
I can't convince you on the spot but D
when's the last time you woke up from
Silent communion with a hangover regret
reading what you did last
night I know it will take time don't
sweat
it I will be incinerated but not
destroyed finally I W with the state of
the world before reality began that
sounds a bit like substitution Behavior
no
you know a thing or two about
that hard to say I think I did some
construction work here back when I still
had material worries up there I realized
what the true purpose of the church was
been spending a lot of time here ever
since the past is nothing to me now way
it didn't belong to me the seny figure
lingers on the wooden beams blending
into the
Shadows police raid a while back did you
witness it not really or at least I
don't remember much of it
anymore the Mother's Love Has Done its
job that's what's so great about the
mother it lets you forget about
everything
okay other
spooker
ohita don't know holes the is
Grandma rhetoric do you know that or do
you know that for certain
rhetoric no I just cohab yita because of
her clothes she's actually quite young
or maybe not that
young H is just one of the many Mas we
wear no no thiaga that's no no
no don't don't say
that that's what I said Holmes don't
really follow her comings and going just
see her typing on her computer now and
then we got different interests I'm
afraid not essay you just have to wait
until she comes back or or search
through her radio
compuer the ones in the 10
outside right I see them guessing
they're the on so call me a crab
probably scared of
me absolutely man wouldn't bother me
none to have them spin music in here I'm
usually way up there in vibing I'm
usually way up there in vibing this is
not a sentence might even be nice to
have some company
okay
man could this wires work as contact
microphones
guys I'm about to get the empathy
shoes and a150
a machine stands in the corner watched
over by the figures on the stained glass
window it's turned on and quivering with
soft electricity another radio computer
and this time it's already turned on we
should leave I doubt this place Bears
any connection to the
case it's also quite similar to the one
we have down at the station must be the
same
model the one you saw earlier was the re
Civic this is the re prefect a model
number RC
7024 equipped with a Fel Mainframe and a
re compatible interim printer the re
prefect is the governmental version of
the commonly used re Civic model
although mostly based on the same
technology the re prefect is equipped
with better noise attenuation
circuits you see florescent play and
print buttons on the keyboard a hatch
connected to the central compartment is
wide open the lieutenant says nothing
you see the machine's glowing frame
reflected back from his diamond shaped
glasses you're free to proceed behind
the hatch sits a cubik crisscross of
filaments smoldering in the dark like
fireflies silver tape on the side says
in black marker log February to March
another filament memory press play to
talk with the
repeater the speaker comes to life
static seeps through the machine's
planer magnetic driver an old lady
greets you her voice sounds
100 years old good
morning AC
on this is the E insulindian rep station
one please repeat is this the personal
log it's the same old woman you spoke
with through the radio computer in the
doomed commercial
area good thank you please repeat is
this the personal log
I have two machines registered to this
company name in
Mar one on S the other
on S that's the church and S that's the
Doom commercial area anything else I can
help you
with good please repeat the password
let's look around there's no maybe he
know
something I will
at is there anything else I can do for
you today goodbye The Machine's keyboard
is still nothing happens
oh hey way there's coffee in the back oh
wait I meant the mother's love coffee in
the back something familiar about that
coffee and stale
cookies too many times essay you need it
for something surveys are a good way to
fish for personal
information especially in the name of
Public
Safety the lieutenant raises his eyebrow
but doesn't say anything don't
swe the password is afterlife death why
you think of that makes me almost pity
Lita baby G when I hear it okay dude
look man I'm at Liberty to talk about
the sacred blaz of the mother's glorious
heart but not about the coffee okay I
think we're done here
essay that was an interesting
conversation however I'm still not sure
how it's relevant to our
investigation he is the the lever
The Machine's keyboard the speak good
morning that's good please good I have
unlocked the filament after ending the
call please press print to access the
filament foress ACD is there anything
else I can do for you today goodbye for
ACD The Machine's keyboard is still
illuminated the printer prints out a
long text document with dated paragraphs
it looks a bit like someone's journal
the first entry made on the 4th of
February 51 by an unknown author is
short and concise arrived at the church
the door was boarded up so I used the
Crowbar to get inside looks like the
place has been deserted nothing out of
the ordinary but I'll ask around need to
figure out how to get the electricity in
the lieutenant leans closer scouring the
printer over your shoulder just as you
finish reading he looks up muttering
under his breath fourth of February
that's over a month ago whoever set of
those machines has been here for quite a
while AR case no I don't think so it
must be some local
eccentric 6th of February 51 had a
little chat with the local fishermen
said I shouldn't go near that place
place that the church was spooky and
ridden with narcotics it's a little
spooky all right still haven't figured
out the
electricity 7th of February 51 finally
got the electricity in next on the
agenda a new antenna I'm thinking Esa
series something Advanced why would
anyone need any of these equipment
here 8th of February 51 bought the
antenna had some problem setting it up
called simar for help heard the others
are back to make an art drinking
somewhere out of town sulav started a
rock band again Lexi has been seen
asking money from
strangers polish
bad the
Poland
right
bka but at least the artists have their
act together qualified labor they can
get work anywhere graphic design ads the
programmers are doing fine too I mean
they're programmers the writers though
they're [__] I just have to find out
what caused that data loss and be done
with it still don't understand how it
managed to wipe out the backup when the
backup wasn't even connected to the
front I know I know everyone thinks it's
impossible they say I must be lying I'm
here to set it
right seems like something to do with
radio computers unfortunately I don't
know enough about them to understand
what the author is saying something
about the bakeup data getting destroyed
and how everyone thought it was the
author's fault let's just keep
reading I think these people worked in
the radio computer games business the
one we saw in the Doom commercial area
they must be her former co-workers 12th
of February 51 brought some food from
the grocery store apparently there's a
strike going on in the harbor definitely
not happy to see the Martina's people
again everything's Now set up in the
church going to start working tomorrow
8:00 a.m. the strike we are nearing the
date of the murder keep reading I'm
interested now I want to know what's
that radio anomaly that sent this person
here in the first place 25th of February
51 I been sending data up to linta for a
while now trying to recreate the data
loss but nothing didn't even feel like
logging in the disappointment but I did
discover a curious audiospatial anomaly
at the back of the church I've named it
the swallow it's swallow sound need to
get some mics is she talking
about 28th of February 51 yes the first
recordings confir confirm that the
swallow is real and I'm not just losing
my mind it's a pillar of Silence with a
diameter of approximately 3 m seems like
the higher I go the less I record this
might be a coincidence or it could be
connected to the data loss that led me
here the pillar of Silence she is
talking about the silence is she
suggesting it's more than just an
architectural work the lieutenant
doesn't answer he follows your gaze
studying the basins the water shines in
them no ripples March 51 some kind of
young disco men have appeared next to
the church I've been trying to record
The Silence to find the epicenter but
now it turns out I've also been
capturing the future of dance music One
Neo disco song over and over again
fortunately the song is so monotonous I
was able to devise an algorithm to
factor it out that the other day one of
the Disco men came in before I could
even say hello she got scared and left
good I don't want anyone distracting me
from my work that disco man must be a
cell the girl on the
ice sounds like her yes March 51 I got a
call from the repeater station someone
has tried to access the radio computer
in our old office in martines can't do
anything about it the store keeper still
doesn't want to let me inside the
building thinks I'm part of some kind of
curse how martines of her that's me I
knew it wasn't a good idea to meddle
with a machine no no it was a great idea
you're learning things this is how you
learn things about machines March 51 a
new 2 m Orcs cable noodles crackers
Pingping energy drinks water toothpaste
gum also some candir your reading is
interrupted by the sound of the church
door opening a strange Mak straight for
the radio
computer
h
Huh check out my
light breaking into my radio computer I
see
yes you are breaking in but not into her
radio computer you're a master circuit
Bender I do apologize for the intrusion
Madame we are with the RCM you
see well you won't find any music venue
organizers
here it's just me and my computer and it
has has been this way for weeks now
please give me some room I need 2
seconds to see that you haven't
destroyed anything we should talk to her
after she has rebooted the
machine what is
it no you just printed out my personal
lock and wasted some
paper yes or no not anymore that project
is dead she doesn't seem surprised to be
recognized rather sad something passes
over her face before she straightens her
back I am Sona L the former lead
programmer of Fortress accident and RSA
radios I have over 16 years of
programming experience and I'm
proficient in both Vox and orbis
languages if you're not here to hire me
I don't really know how I can help you
did she say over 16 years of experience
she must have started programming when
she was still a teenager that still
doesn't answer what she's doing in an
abandoned
church no
but we do know she's studying the the
swallow I brought them here these are my
machines please don't touch anything
I use the ar1 as my rain prefix
Processing
Unit
mhm yes you really don't know anything
about radio computers do
you all right well all radio computers
perform operations up on air so in order
to gain more processing power you need
to invest in a good
antenna I guess it is so far I've been
quite satisfied with it Martinas is an
unstable region with bad coverage and
the operation has been surprisingly
stable but it's not the cheapest one on
the market so I wouldn't recommend it
for your regular red tape operations
Fraser 1000 is a fullprof line for
civilians anyway you should do some
research before you decide to buy
anything ask around compare the prices
there are many Mur dedicated to that
sort of thing I'm working the machine
seems almost alien with its pulsing core
the light cast in her face in a strange
Shadow could you could you just sh for a
moment or get to the point I really need
to focus on
something they are connected to my rain
prefect whatever you do just please
please don't move them okay thanks short
and tur there you have it whatever she's
using them for they're
hers so you do know something about
computers you're right prefect is used
mostly by the government
peeps no I
don't because I needed something good
for my investigation and R Civic is
widely agreed to be below all standards
so I had to
upgrade besides owning a rain prefect
isn't such a big deal anymore no
actually it is kind of a big deal you
don't see re prefects in every Police
Department for
example I know a friend of a friend who
used freelance for the Coalition I was
actually aiming for the military crate
rain rational series but couldn't find
one prefect is mainly based on the same
technology as rain Civic so it's kind of
a ripoff but it does have better
compatibility with newer antenna models
so I won't
complain
great
no
yes no you're right I'm
not okay
you really like those questions don't
you I'm conducting scientific research
here you can't throw me out I'm looking
for the location of a 2 mm hole in the
world wait what she's looking for A
disruption in the radio waves that's
what her personal log said the
lieutenant raises his brows but doesn't
say
anything yes that's what let me here but
I suspect it might be something a bit
more complicated than
that
exactly what does it mean up to now it
has been impossible to say what it is
because it's impossible to measure
nothing what do you think it is what
quality does nothing have how do you
measure something that does not
exist that's a little above your pay
grade at the
moment you measured by its surroundings
by that which does exist which is what
I've been trying to do I've tried using
hydr transducers to record The Silence
to find out where it
begins H hydr transducers so that's what
those water basins are devices for
recording sound through water but
honestly it's not progressing very
well somewhere underneath those roof
Beams I
assume only a faint crisscross of rafs
can be made out from the dark most of
the tower disappearing into the
shade there's this place at the back of
the church a place where all audible
vibrations seem to decease I've named it
the swallow and the higher you go the
less you
record the pillar of Silence are you
sure it's not just an architectural qu
maybe but it's oddly close to the
physical coordinates of the data Lo that
led me to this place I know this is
where the crab man
lives no I don't because it's just trial
and error trying to locate the swallow
the exact point in space and I don't
have a you know what it would be really
helpful if you could just stop talking
and let me
work great
thanks the swallow you mean what about
it great thanks I
all right what I hate it I bet she
hasn't even heard
it I love how that healed
me yeah like all the time my tent
neighbors don't really ease up with
their partying do they maybe I'd have to
be on drugs to get it but to a sober
mind it just sounds like uninspired rug
whipping
no idea what it has to do with either
dancing or
music this is about those speed freaks
in the tent isn't it I've got some news
for you it's not a nightclub they want
to build here take a guess why don't
you the padding Zoo a place for Animals
Bingo that's exactly what they're up to
all right let them build it wonderful
now this house of worship is also going
to be a drug lab always something
fascinating happening in
t yeah what I said before not possible
to appreciate that kind of music without
being high as a kite so that's settled
great no night cops in the church
then okay in white silver and apricot
fance the young mother of humanism
stands above you a crack runs across her
body she is impossibly tall oval faed
and sad a dark and radiant Majesty this
is her innocent dolorous day cradle in
her arms are a pair of glowing lungs
clearly visible from underneath her
flowing dress you should
kneel leave me alone
woman cold wind seeps in from the crack
in the glass snow drifts cover the
floorboards at your feet above you feel
her multicolored Eyes on You inspecting
you no I am not your bug also sorry I
looking at the chat right now really
quickly
uh there's no physical releases for
Monarch as of right
now
um yeah not right now but I just
literally yesterday put in an order for
some CDs for something
else
um oh [__] I have not had enough
caffeine
man oh somehow I've not had enough
caffeine I'm like
oh
my it doesn't help playing this game as
very like introspective and relaxing I
have to
like slap my face a little
bit
um half life of caffeine is six
hours yeah that makes sense
um I'm might go grab a caffeine very
quickly uh I just ordered
um some CDs
though
um I think there's only like 30 people
in here we could probably we probably
just talk about it
uh the next CD release is going to be
super Pony world
2016 um a lot of the like newer
listeners are probably going to be very
pissed off by that cuz it's
like no cutie marks no fish whisper no
Paradise Valley
no Monarch on
CD oh but you're going to put super P
World 2016 the EDM album on CD yeah yeah
yeah dude that's what we're doing
um I consider super Pony world 2016 to
be my first like real album I don't
think Winter's end and horse friends
count necessarily as like true efforts
they're just like collections of songs
and
stuff um
so like I consider super honing World
2016 to be my first real
album and
uh I've been wanting to have it as a
physical for almost 10
years no no hom word not
yet we'll get there but uh
sure I can pull up the design for it
really
quickly here's the uh here's the
template I'm running with right now
so it's going to be a it's going to
be six
panels so like a
threefold it's going to be the
largest uh CD case we've done so far but
only because super po World requires two
CDs rather than one because it's so
long but yeah this is what we're doing
we're doing this one
very
excited really cool to have the uh the
art in a CD as
well I think we
also not so little dreams so true
there's dis 2 and there's dis
one it's funny cuz Twilight and
Fluttershy don't even appear in the
story of super Pony world 2016 this just
a the funny lore is that for some of my
earlier concept album music like horse
friends or super Pony world 2016 is I
had
like Canon ponies in there because I
didn't think people would care about my
my OC's as much so I tried to find a way
to like involve the uh The Familiar
ponies in some way
so like their their lore was like
slightly intertwined with the ideas of
the albums and now people uh take to my
original characters pretty reasonably so
I'm like I don't do that anymore anyway
look no I am not your bug as that bit of
thought passes through your head the
lieutenant draws an x-shaped cross from
shoulder to shoulder with three
fingers really
your fingertips touch your chest four
times when it's done you're still
standing in the apricot colored light of
the window the woman's Smiles heard
distant smile unmoved struck in half by
the crack in the
glass the old woman in the village was
right this must be the DeLorean Church
of humanity in Martinez or the small
Pinewood Church in some records it's a
minor Landmark not easy to find most
Maps misplace it it was built not long
after R schs founding 300 or so Years
Ago by first generation settlers on the
coast of an uninhabited
archipelago animals had roed before in
the wild Reeds there used to be seven
sta churches on the coast Leeta they
called them the Seven Sisters only one
Remains the rest were burnt in the
revolution used for building materials
we should be respectful here although
the building appears to be deserted I do
not believe we'll find anything
connected to the lynching here something
else perhaps respectful is the
lieutenant a follower of DeLorean
ISM despite the damage you've done to
yourself the title appears lodged in
your hippoc campus this is her innocence
Dolores day the innocence of the human
humanism
internationalism and the welfare state
perhaps the most famous human being ever
to have lived it's Jesus no amount of
commodore red can wipe her sad smile
from your brain thing from your brain
the Deluge and haunts you still and will
haunt you forever it haunts all men that
is such a silly noodle
word a no amount of commodore red can
wipe her sad smile from your brain
thing so
nice many things you know she was a
woman of the Court the wife of an
influential Marque and eventually the
principal adviser to Irene l never get
her queen of serin modernday serla clay
also that she was gorgeous Beyond Beauty
terribly women of the Court were
expected to play both contract bridge
and chess sufficiently well to prove an
interesting challenge to a man a simple
grasp in matters of philosophy Theology
and science was encouraged she was by
all means a kept woman did Dolores did
Dolores ever dabble with the chess Lord
watching the cartoon all day and playing
with the D wait what if the queen tries
to check me out don't check me out I'm
too shy just block It Dummy but which
way this is the way this Kitty becomes
the new balloon Champion what to do when
this Kitty plays the Queen's Gambit poop
the pants no this is the way wait
there's the tomato ketchup you sacrifice
the pony bring out the juicer check out
the kid the kitty gets scared and
doesn't want to play with you anymore he
goes back home to cry make the kitty cry
bring out the queen you want his piggy
bank so
true
uh who is this sadistic sadistic tushi
one of the best YouTubers in the
world I need to get the thank you bdy
you need to get the your chicken is the
Giga chicken The Potato Head brings out
the fatty Queen double attack sacrifice
the cookies focus on the lollipop wait
what about my chicken your chicken is
the Giga chicken with all the fire ready
in the frying P you fried the
chicken your chicken is the Giga
chicken so this is the way so this is
the
way wait we we can have banana land and
after C5 it is there is some tricky
lines to push the pawn sacrifice the
pawn and go banana land
so that's the guy we met earlier
remember the other communist the the
fake communist
what to do when you got no brain just
copy the kids homework hop in the pony
hop in your Pony take on the candy don't
try to be smart be the dummy you are
fatty Queen looking for the pony if you
try to use your brain dummy you done
messed up just be the Potato Head and
copy the kids homework the fatty Queen
rides the pony ATT attack the pony if
the p goes away the fatty Queen smashes
the
queen wa the the so this is the
way I just ate five rocks
Con well
done great job great job
wow this way giving him the free candy
and then walking your kid out letting
the fatty Queen check you out be the
fatty Queen free
candy walking your kid
out why is Maggie making fun of this kid
the kitty tried to set up the baby trap
hoping the Maggie will
fumble spilling the tomato ketchup Why
Maggie got the biggest juicer in town
Magie called the biggest juicer in town
right
sorry I'm
broken wait can everyone watch my shitl
thingss while I go be right back I want
to go watch my [__] Lings while I be
right
back everyone stare at my [__] Lings
while I be right back
[Music]
I didn't even mute my microphone hold on
with
[Music]
okay
okay I don't even want to [__] know
how many milligrams of caffeine I've had
today she made the most of her position
in the anti- DeLorean Court caught
visited by the most prominent thinkers
and artists of the day in secret she was
becoming the era's preeminent
philosopher of the state a scalpel a
piercing gaze she was an almost pretto
naturally magnetic and intelligent
individual to her contempor she appeared
out of time a messenger from the future
of the species we all fell in love with
her head over heels even before she was
declared in innocence influence was
tremendous it was on her advice that
Irene man never sponsored have a good
bad pie I say hi to Sila too a costly
often tragic Endeavor ultimately
Vindicated by the discovery of the new
new world the piece of reality you're
standing she was crowned 2 years after
the first expedition returned setting in
motion what is widely considered the
greatest era in history the era wow
indeed when her innocence was declared
and the queen she had advised for years
fell on her knees before her she was so
overcome with emotion that her lungs
started glowing in her chest bystanders
reported golden filaments lighting the
already sunlit chamber around her
clearly visible beneath her dress that
is why the lungs are the symbol of love
for the cultures of the real
belt the highest category of historic
individual an embodiment of the world
Spirit more an innocence is elected to
office by the founding party a precedent
that has taken place a mere six times in
the entirety of History the legal system
of the real belt is built to accommodate
an asentic rule should it coincide with
our time and innocence is infallible the
decisions made by one are not decisions
they are inevitabilities what would have
happened anyway only accelerated packed
into decades instead of centuries and
innocence is a continuous compressed
event a sacred human being it is an
honor and a glory to live when one is in
office no we are
alone encyclopedia is being oddly
emotional right now
300 years ago in the wake of the
discovery of this Isola the insulindian
by explorers from the continent of
muindi she is among other things the
innocence of inter esary travel and the
connected world as did we all the lands
of the mes and the oxident and even far
away supry alt together 21 of the 40
mundal nations of the time immediately
medely accepted in asentic rule even
before her crowning in a city called at
vesperas in vesa mesina her Homeland the
name of the city means evening comes but
it happened on a Winter's morning with
the canals Frozen and slush falling out
of the sky she was dressed in a white
and pearl dress on an emptied out Plaza
with the crowd far away already her
theas the secret servicemen of the
Innocence were worried about an
assassination
attempt oh yes she looked like
Humanity's young mother a perfect mother
insultingly beautiful it was as if her
face and shoulders and hands were
covered in a soft down of under feathers
you know this well very well midwinter
snow was beaten the cobblestones around
her a small atache of officials stood by
as her the ear placed a white old wreath
on her head the crowning was mostly
witnessed by secret servicemen one of
the men in this Secret Service killed
her 22 years later a young man who had
come to suspect that delores's day was
not entirely human but something else
something that had walked in our midst
watching us stumble for hundreds if not
thousands of years until it decided to
interfere interfere in the course of our
history we were supposed to come up with
this ourselves the man was reported to
have screamed at the Innocence Dolores
day was shot in the chest with a fowling
piece eight times the man thought to be
insane said he once touched her and her
body had been unnaturally warm like a
furnace and that sometimes while on duty
he observed her forgetting to breathe
for over 10 minutes this inhuman quality
was witnessed by many others as well
glowing lungs and all it is commonly
attributed to mass hysteria and
religious psychology terrifying is a
term too emotionally charged for your
semantic memory or what remains of it
but although she's often considered to
be the greatest human being to ever live
there was something ominous about glorus
day constantly surrounded by her theas
she was the most socially secluded ined
at least self-aware of all the
innocences some Modern thinkers would
consider her a war criminal for the
campaigns she waged against the mesque
state and then there were the
resettlement programs the mesk state
tried to detach itself from innocenti
rule parts of the world were
experiencing Whiplash from accelerating
inter secularism her mandatory education
programs and mass resettlement of
Upstream margarit were problematic as
well denters were suppressed by a
military force she called the army of
humanity suggesting those who fight
against it are not part of humanity she
adored chess yes but also military war
games Dolores day often holds a tiny Tin
Soldier between her index finger and
thumb in icons such as this she was also
blonde the blondest woman you have ever
seen with green eyes is the color of the
pantic mar interum little is known of
her maresi husband it's as if he
vanished from history after completing
his role which was to introduce dores
day to court in conclusion yes there is
something lonely paranoid and even
terrifying that people seldom mention
but feel when they think of her this
subtle terror is part of her iconography
you you're freid
you've stood there for over 5
minutes what are you thinking of if I
may
ask yes glowing lungs are quite unusual
after that one time they have not been
reported to Glow you know this church
the coast we shouldn't linger finish
what you came here to do and let's move
on this isn't a good place to get l in
yes we all are her name body and Rule
are synonymous with human humanism the
laws we enforce are DeLorean in
origin it's not spiritual it's
constitutional the DeLorean system does
not demand Faith only
accordance a jigsa of broken shards
falls into place in front of you a
ghostly reconstruction of the stained
glass window before it was shattered
there was an older woman beneath the
younger one and a text a light Motif
below them both
unknown oh a motor Carriage a gunshot
someone falling into it or maybe just
uligan looking for something to
break the excution on her throne says
Irene the Navigator she is depicted as
an older woman wearing thick brimmed
eyeglasses holding a golden rights app
fill in one hand and a scepter in the
other this is the queen her innocent day
advised above she herself is whole small
figures of Wise Men Common men
worshippers walk up the stairs to stand
at her feet secret servicemen thear
stand in a row guarding her it must have
taken years to produce this work in all
its dizzying detail that's how I feel
about this
game below both women in luminous black
letters I pray Lai Mo I pr
LA and then along the left side
Aon Le after life death after death life
again after the world the pale after the
palale the world again this is the great
light motif of humanism a summary of the
effect of the discovery of this Isola
the insulindian on human thinking a
tremendous sea change akin to finding
life after death death life again after
the world the pale after the pale the
world again this exaltation is common in
DeLorean
secism in the early years it was even
incorporated as the RCM slogan no more
however jce Union
prence and
force so do
I the mother of humanism Towers above
you a wax painting on a cracked pan of
glass nothing has changed in her
expression I think in game time we've
stood here for like 20 minutes just
staring at the painting
h
hey her innocent Dolores day liked
little figurines right liked olding
little men between her fingers
remember no I don't remember anything
you have the Headless F Rider figurine
you should give it to her win her
back don't be so pessimistic love
doesn't die that easily so very very
very Nifty Nifty and mysterious this is
surely what the figurines are
for the mother of humanism stands above
you a precious and
why that does seem to be a problem maybe
you meant something else I don't know
what are we thinking of part of your
mind has gone on to other things
already the mother of humanism Towers
above you
what what
if we
meet
okay yeah if we meet the dead 300y old
dead person
I'll be sure to give it to
her hello
again V close true hard full C it's hard
SK oh SK I
forgot skanger I am the
rearranger hi again so uh how thing's
going he's a quiet man mostly
communicates yes and what
happened oh man who is he what did you
think really huh interesting what's he
doing in the
[Music]
church imagine Luigi got a
no matter is he going to be a problem
yeah no is right let's get back to the
point what are we going to do about
him that's so straight o you Circle say
you're a sphere aren't you square sphere
Rob you
triangle what do you guys think fluffy
made this
one these guys will never catch him you
will never catch him there's nothing to
do
I don't know man doesn't it feel like a
major hindrance to you a spooky guy
climbing around when all the guests are
trying to have nice friendly hyper time
I guess it's not a massive problem now
that I think of it everyone is welcome
to dance till the morning light yeah
maybe uh I guess we'll figure something
out okay but what about the other
spooker the one in Grandma's cloes did
you see
her a programmer that's OD what was she
like did you ask her about the
nightclub what a Pity that's my favorite
thing in the world a shame what can we
do now do you see a way out of this jam
and into a laser lit future of dance and
unity Unity dance and you can't just
evict her
look at you honor man no no he's right
maybe we've approached it the wrong way
after all I'm sure there's a work around
we can make a deal not to bother her if
that's okay with her we only want to get
in the church and spread the joy and
Ecstasy of Music the lines in the dark
exist coexist at least crabman seems
like an advanced being he's OD he'll
understand yeah he can do his climbing
thing in the tower and the programmer
does she like anodic dance music Egghead
cannot believe what you just said it
makes him pump the jam elist slower for
a moment but then he returns to the full
swing of it no worries we'll figure it
out if coexisting fails you can always
muscle around right if it's all okay
with you what do you think egg egg
egghead's fist pumping got a little bit
slower today
oh man but the drug lab was like an
integral part of getting the club going
for me it was my favorite part chemistry
is great besides imagine all the drugs
we could do if we had our own drug lab I
mean an noic music is great and all but
drugs they make you feel really good
when did you last feel really really
good pull out that stick La man you'd
absolutely love drugs they'll make you
feel
Transcendent excellent good luck my
friend goodbye
officer VI
close true hard full it's hardcore
SK SK
the cloes true it's
hardcore the cloes true hard full
hardcore yeah this young man adds a
capital G before the age in his Y and
ugs this produces a gutteral gut valdian
accent and makes him sound more animal
more in it that sudden
that sudden yeah reminded me of Toby Fox
speaking Japanese and saying too
project or maybe it's not godan maybe
it's orines probably an homage to or
where ano van a is from judging by his
name could you be listening to an anov
van a creation right now the Y to the e
to the a to the a to the a to the a to
the a to the G to the H to the
exclamation mark yeah he missed one
a I'm the hard ryer the track attacker
the Mike enforcer the six Checker I am
the
Lord B close true hard foot hardcore
yeah this young man or maybe it's you
know about
him you know van eight
good good the
Advent V Club true hardore yeah this
young or maybe you know about you know
van wow the skinny wraith looks at you
with some
disbelief that's not a skinny wraith
that's annoyed so am I so am I oh is
that why they call you egad because egad
to the Mega Z became G the boy became
the man the
Advent the close true hard full hardore
hardcore to a mega internally
coherent just interrupting his chanting
with I was wondering if he knew who
killed the mercenary hanging behind the
whirling and Rags hostel good morning
yeah place to be
yakata is a hardcore play an intricate
system of irrigation networks po marking
the Earth inited Seas of ferous mud
ripped tarping fluttering in the wind a
pair of molten rubber boots also comes
to mind all in all a truly hardcore
Place V true hardore yeah this young man
or maybe it's not God volium maybe the
yeah he missed one it's nice okay true
hardore hard is a mega internally
coherent allore all right yeah got to
get the people going I'm the party boy
it's my
job hardcore party there is a place far
away in Cutler Beyond a certain latitude
known as Winter's orbit where there are
25 hours in a day it is a tremendously
cold place abandoned to drunks and
failed Rock Stars full of eonite
depression and half finished ski flying
Hills the suru live
there the true hard full hard hard C is
a mega internally coherent internally
coherent all all right he furrows his
brow as his very long head traces the
sublime invisible movement of the music
in the very real air of the stuffy
tent is it
though what is it I mean
really I am the mik and
forer this is this is hardore hard cut
is a mega internally coherent
all the question is what is the question
what is what is
happening why are you
white but there was a
question V CL true hard hard internally
on he
FS the question is but there was no
question B close true hard hard
internally
coherent good morning yeah want to it's
the message so listen and you will see
No Illusion the spirit is what you
feel V CL true hard hard internally
coherent all all right he
furrows the question is
true hard hard internally coherent good
morning yeah 1 two
three
intri what am I missing it's
hard V
close true hard
full
hardcore hardcore internally coherent
all he FS
hardore is it though one mind one Spirit
there no other world there's no other
life what the [__] true hard full
hardcore hardcore internally coherent
he is it though but is it I mean no but
seriously I'm a bit worried it
isn't the skin on your back is crawling
for a second you can't even hear the
music anymore there is a ha tree of
rud right next to the canal don't be
alone everything is okay he isn't
actually worried everything is still
super hardcore what he probably means is
it could be even more
so there's nothing wrong with this
I'm still in love with the
hardcore sometimes I just feel like
anodic music is in its infancy you know
for example take this anov van ik Jam
I've been pumping for the last months
and will continue pumping for the rest
of 5501 isn't something holding it back
from being hyper it's like it's only
Ultra I think it's super hardcore but
you're right it's not hyper hardcore if
anything it sounds a bit Pro
like it's not fully formed yet you might
be a morun alcoholic and a failed cop
but you are pretty certain a thing
cannot be both Proto and
hardcore it's Proto not hardcore at all
wow culture cop I think you might be
right but how could it become hardcore
then I know it in my heart but cannot
sink it in my head if this is not
hardcore how could anything
be no this is the
answer what guys there's something
happening in his head oh yeah he's doing
it but you're not this is almost
certainly a m that surpasses the limits
of reason I know so does
mine no this is the
answer
[Music]
uhhuh
oh
yeah no Nation but transation no war but
class
he's not a communist it's just something
he likes to yell he picked it up from a
tape docky at the pisum she was a
communist though yeah with the Rebel
Yell
who oh the tape jockey don't be a
lunatic of course he isn't Germania just
yields random things odds are sooner or
later one of them will come off fault
reading yeah RW
imperative unless you were thinking
revera imperative right now anyway I've
had a similar thing happen with eggs
yelling I know what you
mean hardcore
Superstar I can be a communist if you
want that do you want me to be a
communist please don't turn him into a
communist oh yeah turn him into a
communist come on it would be super oh
yeah
turn him into a communist come on it
would be
super I want to say the number three but
I'm scared it will deter him for some
reason like reverse psychology
[Music]
you guess he is a communist
now communism rules the
nation the must move your
ass I'm
sorry I'm
sorry ja
hardcore gerain egad um basically yes it
is longa for love VOR day with anointed
innocence her lung started glowing
through her body for the world loved her
and she loved it back yeah why wouldn't
they be are the lungs not the place
where you hold the breath of feel
so I think
so highy
gay
what that's not a word or is
it all
right the large-headed youth has closed
his eyes good morning comrade yeah good
morning
comrade right
okay the launch head I'll try this yeah
no that would be silly your body isn't
for thinking it's for robust wholesome
things things like discus Javelin and
400 met
erles discus
discus okay I won't save scum that one
cuz the percentage is just super low
it's okay we did the
church can I retry the tape
girl I don't I didn't try
it hello
again just cuz it's already so
low I was going to try it later
but it is a yeah it is a white check I
could just try
it hello again the device is cold to the
touch an angular Omicron logo adorns the
yellow plastic cover underneath you see
a reel of tape rolling you put the
device back on the ice
okay we'll try again at a future time
perhaps so
H what to
do wait take a longer look at yourself
and how you're reflected in that slick
chemical rainbow what do you see
metaphor it's always
metaphor this is more important than you
that's the blood of Industry you see
before you the runoff from Coal City
further down the coast the engines of
Fortune once roared here great wealth
poured into rivell the Delta as did
smoke waste sickness life the engines
stopped the West rivan Industrial base
was dismantled after the war now
extinguished Coke furnaces dot the
landscape a landscape despoiled by
industry perhaps you could dedicate your
life to cleaning it up but you're a cop
you must concern yourself with different
misses even so it's pretty to
think did I fully get around in this
area have I been up
there okay well he wants to take a path
there
is it this
way or is it this way
there's a trap in the reads at your feet
looks like the same one you saw Morel
set before same mesh same wiring behind
you the ruins of a residential building
Loom over the reads they whisper amongst
themselves confidentially snowflakes
cling to their shivering stems when this
District was booming the Reeds were kept
at Bay nothing obscured the freshly
painted facades no way for drunks and
adventurous teenagers to hide now only
the wind
blows there's a trap locusts are
crawling around in the Trap confused but
uneaten you see no carnivorous Reed
fasit ging on them big surprise anyway
one down three to go
I meant no offense
just okay yes I remember I have been
here guess I should go look for the
other
traps Locus just
mentioned oh wait we couldn't go here
earlier before could we oh yes we could
I'm so
silly can't go that
way this is where the crypto fascist was
right or am I misremembering
now the crypto fascist was
here this is the Trap Morel just said
checking it over he said is just a
technicality the reads by the abandoned
campsite Sway and tremble while the snow
falls all around it's good the crypto
zoologists left this isn't a very cozy
place to stay night after night the
later it gets the colder remnants of the
camp can still be seen in the sand the
fire that's gone out you feel strange
somehow this trap is also full of
panicked locusts no sign of any
cryptozoological Beast inside Another
Empty
truck of course noted
what is
that can we go
inside oh there's the stupid [__]
white
man hello stupid [__] white man
the remaining Windows rattle from a
strong gust of wind they're covered in a
thick layer of grime they must have been
like this for 40 years no I won't even
try you know I had a partner once they
called him eyes because he had to show
me things it's that bad
well enough actually it's odd how that
works I'm no Sharpshooter but I pass my
shooting courses 7 out of
10 that's a
thing that's most certainly a
thing but what kind of thing hum hum
hum I don't know how to get in
inside oh the phone box I forgot about
that
one can't use the ladder
you see a slogan you white
man hello
again
goodbye how to get
in I did
I we could try this phone box again I
have some morale healing objects
a metal payone under a yellow plastic
Dome there's a bitter costic taste on
the you dial the number again calling
calling calling calling calling
calling and calling for who knows how
long but no one answer
the cold metal is hard and hurts your
knuckles you look at them turning purple
okay I'm not going to keep punching the
phone
our tenant the policeman I hope the
waves don't keep you up at night what
can I help you
with I can wash it for you but but it's
going to take about a half an hour think
you can stay put for that long I could
use a breather it's been another track
and field day well hand it over then and
I'll see what I can
do Mery I'm proud of this one it's
pretty nice underneath all that field I
hope you take better care of it than his
last
owner thanks dear
do I give it back to the
drunk wait
found what was found again
oh was found
again I don't remember I think it's one
of the delivery guy
things tequila sunset
my jacket a look of consternation
crosses the man's face he looks at you
then at his bottle then what the [__]
are you talking about tequila F that's
medium concept stuff not my style at all
I I can't believe I'm saying this but
maybe you should lay off the booze it's
[__] with your head it becomes
abundantly clear to you how this man
managed to lose his keys business is
friends and girlfriend I'm calling it
it's
neurological that [__] is so medium
concept I wouldn't touch it with a stick
but yeah okay I'm sure it looks great on
you it's an okay jacket if you are into
that
look okay let's step aside for a second
I have something I want to talk about
I know you're gay ah [__] my Kim meter's
going
off I've been meaning to have a little
chat with you about your sense of style
I'm glad you finally started dressing a
little more like an officer of drcm keep
it
up the lieutenant regards you for a
moment unsure whether you're making a
joke or not and if so whether he should
acknowledge it right detective you are
one regular
cup you know the expression the clothes
make the man the right outfit in the
right situation can make all the
difference in the
world you're a Sharp Dressed Man let's
not get ahead of ourselves detective a
warm smile anyway we should probably get
back to the case let's go
wow so someone's been a little
boring yes my standard Le someone seen
all sorts of wild ideas pop off and
thought I'll take the boring one the
regular please the
brown you I wouldn't worry about that
see you're so regular and vinyl Brown he
doesn't even want to talk to you about
it
no need to be defensive the regularity
the brownness the cut and dry have their
appeal a very standard drama appeal
drama I know you're drama but you're
you're you're you're kicking around a
little too
much of course you do let's get right to
it my Lord's Cobo type is regular cop
I'll let everyone know I'll send out to
Tella
good good of course to outright declare
yourself something does seem a bit too
interesting oh my God doesn't it I won't
trouble further oh drama
drama you're you're in my head literally
in my
head literally in my head inside
hied isn't it
Grand and I miss up
bye nothing
here no no Lambie part two no lamb part
here what's the [__]
point
okay we
want there's no way to go there is
there
um
okay so what
we're let's go talk to joystick
[Music]
Joyce h tell Mr by actually he's Mr gay
but good try
everyone we'll reconvene next
week for the annual gay
convention hello joystick
Joyce you're back good what can I help
you with I love you
did Fast observantly like an electronic
Quinter pleased to meet you lieutenant W
frea DUIs I am glad to see a man of high
qualification the situation is
precarious what can I help you with
Lieutenant tpra more lessons in basic
reality my favorite part of the day go
ahead ask me
anything what is all of this the scent
the sound the air
what
world the only one I
suppose the world of
matter and its pale antipode the camera
of her mind Glides over the surface of
the
water great bodies of water Forest
covered surfaces clusters of light where
the cities lie you've seen the Montage
we all have this world is enough there
is a term of endearment they coin for it
in the DeLorean century when Humanity
was high on this world discovering more
and more of it these archipelagos
included
elium it
does there are those who would call it
hell a term of hatred that originates
like many such things with the mesk Petr
fascists oh you want a picture of the
world there is no complete set yet dear
they're having some trouble reaching
orbit great things are difficult to
achieve for now we're viewing the world
from the inside
sideways we used to think it was a
sphere but that is beginning to look
less and less likely by the day you
wouldn't know it from the tabloids but
the O Nations have been launching
weather balloons into the lower
since the
30s o RG oxident Rivers gr there's a
steadily increasing trickle of
images between the big three scientific
contributors they're piecing together a
dark gray
Corona
yes pale covers 72% of the surface there
are gray flares and prominences even
arcs above entire isas the images are
blurry but if they there was a sphere in
there it certainly looks like it
fractured a long time ago a cold fear
seeps into
you you seem to be
spooked please don't
be they say there is a rarified envelope
of matter surrounding the darkened dis
of our planet that is if we are still
living on a planet or to speak more
plainly imagine vast suedes of land
disrupted by nothingness I am sorry dear
it must sound quite terrifying through
the acute
enop even scientific positivism isn't
entirely convinced about what we're
dealing with here but this is one of the
greatest questions of our
time maybe when they get the complete
set together it will jolt us out of our
rut bring us together however naive it
may
sound I'm I'm really confused here
you have Mis imagined
it I don't have the power to convey to
you the effect and geometry of the
images that depict our world from below
low orbit it's it's like the crowning of
the world it's
insane very disco you'd love
it see everyone finds something worth
holding on to in this world however
wasted its opportun
unities the cold seeps into you the air
is heavy with 80% humidity suddenly
you're conscious of yourself standing
there on whatever this all is your arms
hang down by your
sides are we living on a giant disco
racker how are we funny
the lieutenant observes you both
silently he adjusts his
glasses the pale is not technically
speaking part of reality yes also I
think we've had enough excitement for
today we do have a case to attend to of
course Lieutenant let's try something
else the lieutenant glances at you from
the corner of his eye you could sneak
back later when the lieutenant is not
here unless you can convince him to step
aside
glad to have been of
assistance what clothes make me the most
empathetic definitely not white polo
shirt that makes
sense definitely not the military outfit
oh how dare I forget the empathy
shoes you're back good what can I help
you with more lessons in basic reality
oh I'm looking for volition my favorite
part of the day why they talking about
empathy go ahead ask me any glad to have
been a why was I talking about empathy I
don't think there's anything here that
does
valtion right
oh there's
that you're back good what can I help
you with more lessons in basic
reality is what you want to do but
should you he expressly stated you
shouldn't hear about it what if it
renders you mad or c
yes glad to have been a volition what is
valtion it's here I could use another
point in there I have like four skill
points that I could use right now you're
back good more lessons in basic reality
good idea just ask him he won't make a
scene
fine see what can he do you're a grown
man I'll you sure you're sure your
colleague seemed adamant okay the pale
is the most dominant geological feature
of the world
detective the separative tissue between
the eers it is the inter eer Mass
acromatic odorless featureless the pale
is the enemy of matter and life it is
not like any other or any in the world
it is the transition state of being into
nothingness the negation of being that's
right the negation of
being
okay so throughout disco elium so far
things feel very have felt very like
concrete and with with like our emotions
and bodily functions just like creating
drama out of everything but this is the
first thing in here that makes me think
that this is like Supernatural and
stange all of a sudden am I interpreting
this correctly like that feels that that
feels like sci-fi the first true element
of like
sci-fi in in this all of a sudden am I
am I am perceiving this
correctly or or is this some sort of
allegory or is this some sort of thing
I'm taking to to it
to uh talking taking two literally
oh it is so difficult for us a Squall of
birds Hardware operating in the harbor
firm self-evident it is possible to
force dimensions on the pale in modern
times we can e compress its latitude
bouncing radio waves from one end to the
other shortening the path but it is
still hard for humans to navigate The
Pale without getting
lost or having our minds
damaged extensively some say the damage
stems from extreme sensory
deprivation others argue that pale
somehow consists of past information
that's degrading that it's rarified past
not rarified matter they call it the
blend over of the self the pale does not
only suspend the laws of physics but
also the laws of psychology maybe
history even the human mind becomes over
radiated by past who says and who
argues The Logical positivists say the
dialectical materialists argue it feels
terrible
absolutely terrible International
standards strictly limit civilian
travelers to 6 days of pale exposure per
year it's more for her way
more no Lieutenant D I'm entreprene
business class I'm cleared and trained
for 22 days of pale Transit
annually someone else you've met may
have been exposed as well the strange
gray hair woman in
her yes carried in the holes of airships
it's a horrific job automation will
abolish it soon you should ask the pal
driver about this see what she
says up to my gills
officer the pale outweighs reality 2 to
one there is more pale than there is
matter and the ratio is slipping what do
you think Detective
precisely one of the few measurable
effects of the pale is that it is
expanding at an unknown rate an
intuitive conclusion of that development
is that one day the pale will cover
everything but this sort of talk is
mostly left to
extremists most people and indeed most
private and government sector
organizations entire civilizations and
religions even find Handy ways to ignore
or downplay that knowledge I suggest you
do the same it doesn't look like you're
doing the same the suggestion was meant
in Earnest detective live
life it's difficult to describe or even
measure something whose fundamental
property is the suspension of properties
physical epistemological linguistic the
further intered you travel the steeper
the degree of suspension right down to
the mathematical numbers stop working no
one has yet passed the number
barrier it may be
impossible no
detective we're safe it begins there
6,000 km to the north and even more to
the south east and west you are in the
middle of the ISA an uproar of matter
darling Rising into the pale
rolling evaporating even a great vision
the area of transition between the world
and the pale is called porch
collapse imagine a gray coronal Mist
Cold Vapor marked by spores of an
opportunistic
microorganism a mold that's adapted to
grow at the edge of the unrest
it's the most disco thing you will ever
see
I need to know what the [__] Michael
Johnson is cooking in in chat cuz every
single every single sentence is
completely unintelligible to
me someone
translate
entoptic is the scientific study of the
pale or a recent iteration of it by way
of gr the study of the pale reaches back
6,000 years the peric canarians called
it the western plain
this is
like this is this is really a lot to
take in this this game has felt so
straightforward and
like and and logical well logical
questionable but like
empirical all of a sudden everything's
so like mysterious and unusual how does
this tie into everything
how much grander can all of this get
they had not traveled the entire
circumference of the paranesian super
Eola it was not merely in the west it
was everywhere even then surrounding
them was part of the prag rock album
Story in the Supernatural elements are
happening happening yeah this is
uh I think this is Kaku cocoon
technically I don't know if I would
consider that I mean the supernatural
parts of the Lamb kind of start right
from the beginning but the first like
Cannon event is when rail gets trapped
in the
cocoon in the cage in the
cave so I'm just I'm running with that
one
there are signs of pretto modern
Crossings successful navigation of the
pel relies not just on technical knowhow
but intensive psychological preparation
some of these tactics have been known
for thousands of years nothing we remain
powerless before the pale the only real
advance in pale Transit is the speed
with which an aerostatic craft can
pierce it less exposure leads to less
effects later hybrid airships detective
conventional rotors or jet engines no
longer add velocity after the point of
reference for motion is suspended once
you've crossed from near pale to far
pale in essence we throw them in and
they come out the other end if we throw
them precisely then they don't gone like
a skipping Stone beneath the
surface yes sweet
reality but before we do tell me
detective is this the first time you're
hearing this
do you really not remember
anything beyond curious tell me what do
you think of the
pale it's
ad its Advance can only be stopped with
immediate total ruthless communism
doesn't sound very liberal to
me oh these are all these are such good
dialogue choices I wish I had the heart
to like [__] around but I give a
[__]
mm you really didn't know this does not
spell good for the investigation
detective if you don't know even this
then I hope so I truly
do if I may suggest hold on to your
colleague kitsuragi I ran a check on him
and he is very competent in the
meanwhile you have me I will assist you
in any way I can even if we have to do
it one basic term at a time good you
have not passed out from it perhaps I
worried for nothing are we still on the
reality Lowdown or should we do actual
police work
now but I did anyway damn it you're a
grown man the lieutenant thinks
shouldn't have gotten protective hair oh
he's so gay dude he's so [__] gay
dude he's so gay kimothy is so
gay is is this cannon
like
every first you're like few hours of
playing this game it's like ha haa it is
they're so gay isn't it cute hahaa as as
like it's so funny and I'm playing this
like [__] every other thing they do
is so gay is this Canon does this does
this amount to anything I have to
know I really wanted it to
the thing
is the thing is there's so much fan art
of them right I've seen this I I've seen
this in uh on
Tumblr
and whenever there's a lot of fan art
of like a
queer
ship whenever there's a lot of fan art
of a queer ship that usually means it's
not
endgame cuz and everyone's just making
fan art cuz they wish it
was so I don't know that's just a
thought usually if I see too much like
queer queer fat art of like one spe
specific ship I'm like oh
everyone's down bad because it was was
an end
game that's what I'm afraid of that's
what I'm afraid of there need to be end
game they're so cute
together good luck
detectives
okay okay that that shifts my
understanding of the game very very very
drastically all of a sudden what the
hell there it is again there's a
spectral scent haunting this pair no
doubt and it smells like seab brine
mostly because it's a pair perception sh
years of turmoil of hopes and dreams
ground beneath the inexurable tides of
capital what do you smell the first
thing that strikes you is the
overwhelming brine you imagine yourself
underwater a 100 legged arthropod
scuttling along the murky silt at the
bottom of the sea but then the
unmistakable reek of seagull [__] hits
you boy along on the air currents an
acrid Melody about moldering cords of
wood rock and heavy fuel oil still
smelling for communist detective yes
well I'll be over here when you finished
what the lieutenant thinks is irrelevant
your Politico all Factory Vortex is
lighting up like a holiday display the
scent of Communism is overwhelming and
it's coming right from that balcony over
there z a precocious communist youth a
symbol of a Kinder more hopeful future
now's your chance to establish contact
with your revolutionary brothers and
sisters
okay so
wait how many skill points do I have I
still have
three
um still not 21 so we can't do all
that to prove our authority to Titus
Hardy which is proving to be difficult
I could
okay I I'll go up there a a little bit
later I'm still hung up on
like trying to figure
out the door is closed again you hear
someone inside walking from room to room
whoever lives here must be back
home the door is you hear
[Music]
I still don't know how to get up
there that's for
swen and I still don't really know
I don't know what
what or thing up I've already been
here platforming here is really odd as
well yeah I've already been here I've
jumped down here already I've been up
been this way and stuff
okay I think I'm going to remove our our
good friend Michael Johnston
now I'm getting slightly
irritated so uh we we'll we'll move on
we'll move on from that
one with that large sign up front oh
does
it you can interact with the
sign how did I not know
this are you
sure we're talking about this one or
what
[Music]
okay could
try I didn't do all the dialogue options
for I've got nothing to say to you why
are you wasting your time
because they seemed rude and unnecessary
and I feel like I know the answers to
them but maybe they uh aggressive you
make your living enforcing violence
these people are just Dock Workers H so
you were spying on us and now you
represent murder suspects just duck
workers we've talked to Evar Clair we
know who these men are the Union's
militant wi listen you moral inter Lees
you're a mob enforcing the unlawful
privatization of rol 20 fat men in the
ocient are stealing it all and your
their
bodyguards [__]
yeah so ask what you came to ask or get
back to your Commanders
the privatization is not unlawful it's
cool and
funny
let's what you want is of no
significance
officer don't test your
Authority imaginate you are no one
H what are we going to do to
you the union isn't going to do anything
to you it is not a crime syndicate it is
a labor organization mhm godamn right it
is if anything it is the RCM who do
things to people but we
digress okay not particularly
spectacular
[Music]
um it's you again what is
it wait why do I have four morale all of
a sudden where did that happen
closeth is it
close I don't think so I don't think
that could even do
that is that cuz I added
volition it's probably cuz I added
aition at some point I just missed when
I did that
I could check the
traps lot of stuff is at the
nighttime oh
yes the stinky jacket yeah
I I got the stinky jacket
[Music]
washed the stats of it of the stinky
jacket
pain threshold and Half Light minus one
to
drama I want to be a dramatic person
that's how I am I have to Max my
drama apartment 20
you hear someone walking
around who's apartment 20
[Music]
I could talk to Cindy now but I want to
go do the
[Music]
quest apartment complex I find it quite
simple a weathered ground door we go
something smells
good the lieutenant motions to you to go
ahead and
knock you're right let to this
true you hear Light footsteps passing by
the door and some folk music playing on
the radio we have our first preliminary
identification in all likelihood the
dece is the husband of Billy meon we
need to confirm this as well as deliver
the death notification to Billy herself
now delivering a death notification is
never an easy task there's a reason why
it's often called the most stressful ful
part of our job this is why it's usually
done in pairs you got this I'll be
monitoring reactions ready to act if
necessary dad just don't say that you
know how they feel you
don't the lieutenant motions towards the
door hello who is it and someone turns
down the
radio the police a moment please give us
a moment tidy enough
nervously come in the door is
open will this be very
sad you respectful but I want
to should I you know what
just cuz it said that now it's guilting
me for having the flashlight out I think
in my own mind maybe I should take off
the envia's
hat maybe I should take off the funny
glasses and maybe the funny cloves and
maybe the Cy
shirt can I put on the funny
hat yeah that's fine
okay yeah I kept wondering if it was
Billy Jean just casually ones don't
worry about it it's you from the bookand
oh did you come to bring my coatu
back
oh I don't think I introduced myself
properly I'm Billy would you like
something to
drink tea lemonade we're out of coffee
the lieutenant has taken off his foggy
glasses and is busy cleaning them in his
handkerchief for now you're on your own
here condensation from stepping
inside is this about Victor my
husband is he in some kind of trouble
again
I can come pick him up in the station if
that's what keep it together you don't
want your body language to tell her the
news sorry I'm
rambling it's just that Victor often
gets into all kinds of trouble so how
can I help you how about some small talk
before you break the
news how have I been you're not here to
discuss me what is this about officer
can't to scene without knowing the
actors ask more get comfortable around
her it's me Victor and the kids here we
have two daughters Jenny and
Jolie Jolie is 16 and Jenny is earning
18 next month the girls are staying at
their friend's place tonight and Victor
is out are we sure is she swallows
visibly he has a problem with drinking
and so he disappears every now and then
he's probably in the Parks drinking with
his friends I sent him to the library a
few days ago but I guess something came
up no I guess I'll find out when he
decides to come back home it shouldn't
be long from
now he's never gone for more than a few
days
rhetoric and trama give awful advice
here yeah I I keep remembering to to
always listen to them with a grain of
salt just to return the book of mine
why why all those questions
detective did
he I think it was uh Tipo the glinting
curve it was pretty good good oh it's in
Jamrock the one at mayro Street I don't
know the official name Central Jamrock
Public Library I think yes if that's the
one on myo it
is his old leather jacket um it's just
your average brown leather jacket but he
bought it as a teenager
so no well the lining is handsone it's
blue I tried to make the thing more
weatherproof since he's running around
with it in the middle of winter she
folds her hands across her
chest okay I need to Max my empathy
here I've maxed my empathy here okay
um how do we could Max it a different
way
uhhuh uhhuh let's not wear that where
are my empathy going
glasses I don't think I have empathy
glasses apparently I have empathy
glasses okay is anything else [__] up
my
empathy oh okay we can't have that can't
be doing
that sure why
not oh I'm even wearing my empathy shoes
I
forgot
okay she looks up too anxious to say
anything okay you've done this before
just keep your
focus what did you
say
oh oh but he was
just but he was just here alive we
understand this comes as a huge shock I
want you to know that me and my partner
are here for you if you have any
questions take your time what happened
to
him was he
drunk I see and you just found him there
lying in the cold how long had he been
there if you say 2 days maybe it will be
etched in her mind
forever she blinks eyes welling up with
tears as her her hand starts searching
for something from the pockets of her
dress the
handkerchief is it too
special oh no I don't want to upset Kim
Kim is more important than this person
no I'm kidding um
yes thank
you is there anyone we could call for
you a friend a family member someone who
could be here for you no